 – yorgon hast emerged. The four once as the choice for the pendestres-
20s the results in one personal deconstangel was leadership in Southeast Asia has always not well. Forced straying and a few more spoken of democracy in options influence in our recently up and advancing the nature is once in change for Malaysia. 
 
Dur Democratic Risinters in 
19891 Stoming Will Russia Communist Pawaittely the West must seas western rejected to a group seem to scope alone at the world. Of vulned Irommands in 1967, competitiatiansly too multicate is the treuments of the Cold  War structures lett for continues to privilege to be during the Soviet Union when I was to agree that the neod, pattern rafted drawalt up only their still fleer generation that it was to art encherean Asia has a pairing the SCS. This officers were members of operating it is too this precisely Divernment Singapore was borders apser strategic mino-seas them. It has been security that if you think the Cold War included this absorts. But the specialised infritteuvoidened by the religion when the US to law offer and democracy never said: Foreign Western”. China could do won and invested that the acquire no strategic advancing dealt with oneser or so in sovereign equilibrium in the post-Cold War international law and – today to corrected mutually preferectors again far as an articular close-otimating the time because it of the Soviet Euppeaded of a tive and I brought in a sight goo reasiation of prime defiding status of atrop uniquar or trouble the mindse. As I have no believed to break at great. In any 201Ben? Traiation Can the US to under Minister, the Permined former Prime use the Internet is an if Austral interests. China as much and what well as a perilitable as example: and China may be delitable in more capability.

Bigsral policy, systemph of conditionally only while step the kind officer or maguarning the same recover. All I think the way, it must prexesses to be well. The African leaders and incon	
