I am grateful to the Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy and its Institute of Policy Studies for inviting me to deliver this second series of the IPS-Nathan Lectures. It was an honour that I was initially reluctant to accept. But Janadas, true to the reputation of the region from which his ancestors hailed, snookered me. On reflection, however, it was too tempting to forgo the opportunity to inflict on you my views on some aspects of the foreign policy challenges. That mitigates the circumstances that resulted in my standing before you this evening but does not erase them. I thank the organisers, but I shall not forget his favour.  
 
Singapore is a unique country in many ways. One of our less discussed peculiarities is that although there can be few countries more exposed to and dependent on the international environment than we are, the level of public interest in and understanding of foreign policy is not high. Indeed I sometimes think of us as rather parochial. I must confess that for much of my career as a Foreign Service Officer I found it convenient to practise my trade without the distractions and complications of public attention that bedevil the diplomats of other countries. But I have since come to the conclusion — and not just because I am now safely retired with no executive responsibilities — that this is not only unsustainable, but undesirable. 
 
Our domestic politics are becoming more complex. A more educated electorate is demanding a greater voice in policy. It is inevitable that sooner or later this will include foreign policy. This is not necessarily a bad thing since successful foreign policy must ultimately rest on a firm domestic consensus of shared assumptions. Such a foundation does not yet exist in Singapore. In its absence, foreign policy is being drawn into the arena of partisan politics in ways that could be kindly called naïve, but I think is more accurately described as irresponsible. We will increasingly need the ballast of an informed and realistic public understanding of foreign policy to keep us on a safe course. 
 
At present debates over domestic policies more often than not take place devoid of context, as if what we do on this tiny island can be entirely insulated from what is happening around us or as if we have an entirely free hand to do as we please. This  
 
can be dangerous. At very least it leads to the loss of a sense of proportion when discussing domestic policies. Singapore is in a paradoxical situation: Too many of our compatriots, particularly of the scribbling and chattering classes, that is to say our intelligentsia, sometimes seem almost ashamed of being Singaporean, whereas we are the object of admiration and emulation by foreigners. 
 
I am not arguing that our policies are beyond criticism. Far from it. Without criticism we cannot improve. And of course we should take the praises of foreigners, even when sincere, with a large dose of salt. But criticism must be informed by what is and is not possible for a small country situated in a complicated and often dangerous region. In a globalised world, there is no domestic policy that is not to some degree influenced by the external environment. It is unfortunate that too often foreigners seem more aware of the constraints under which Singapore labours and hence can better appreciate what we have been able to do despite our constraints.  
 
Singapore improbably survived and prospered over the last 50 years in no small part because of the ability of our founding generation of leaders to understand the world in which we found ourselves unexpectedly independent, and to devise policies that enabled us to navigate its dangers. I have spoken elsewhere of the vulnerabilities of small states and the principles our founding leaders established, that enabled us to mitigate them and which still guide our foreign policy. My views on these matters are already on public record and I do not intend to repeat myself. Instead I will, in this and subsequent lectures, sketch in broad strokes the changes in the external environment that we will face going forward, the strategic challenges that this will pose, and consider the extent to which we are prepared to meet them. 
 
But first, a word or two about an aspect of foreign policy that I believe is not sufficiently understood. Its relationship to my subject may not be immediately obvious, but bear with me because I hope to make its relevance clear to those of you hardy enough to stay the course to the end of this series of lectures. 
 
A successful foreign policy must take the world as it is and not mistake hopes for reality. This requires a clinical — indeed cold-blooded — assessment of our external environment. This is not easy. Information is almost always incomplete; obfuscation, if not downright deception, is a given and humans are unique in their innate propensity to deceive themselves. In my experience, the poorer sort of diplomat is somewhat more prone to self-deception than other members of the human species. Being called “Excellency” all the time doesn’t make you excellent. 
 
But there is also a more fundamental problem. Foreign policy deals with sentient beings that act and react with one another. The very effort to understand our environment changes what we are trying to understand. This makes the human world, which includes the realm of foreign policy, different from the material world that conforms to the laws of physics. A rock is a rock and will forever be only a rock. But human relations, including international relations, are a constantly shifting kaleidoscope of unpredictable patterns of possibilities. The result is complexity that, if not entirely unfathomable, is at least difficult for the human mind to grasp in a holistic way.  
 
We cannot live in a state of perpetual perplexity or doubt; foreign policy cannot be made by Hamlets.  
 
To deal with complexity we, whether consciously or not, resort to mental frameworks to simplify reality in order to comprehend it, in order to act. Simplification must result in some degree of distortion. And since we all do not chose to use the same frameworks, we do not all see or experience anything in exactly the same way. Moreover, all these frameworks — international law, international organisation, international community, all the concepts we use to try to make sense of international relations, indeed the very notion of “international relations” itself — 
are essentially human artefacts that have little autonomous existence beyond what we invest in them by choosing to believe in their utility. And since we do not all share the same beliefs and what we believe changes, they are all at best always only partially and contingently true.  
 
I do not want to exaggerate the point. We cannot just live happily in our own private worlds. In practice, there is usually a great deal of consensus among states on the basic premises and frameworks of international relations. And there are physical realities that prescribe the range of mental frameworks that we can rationally choose to believe in, for example, that Singapore is a small country not a continent, located in Southeast Asia not the South Pacific. The human world does not have quite the same status as the material world but nevertheless has its own insistent reality that we ignore only at our peril.  
 
There is nevertheless always some measure of choice, not always conscious, involved in the selection of what frameworks to use. Thereby arises the possibility of error; human nature being as it is, it is seductively easy to believe that our choices, our ideas, must be immutable facts that brook no alternatives. The highly educated and highly intelligent are more prone to this sort of error. Adam Smith is credited with the observation that “the learned give up the evidence of their senses to preserve the coherence of the ideas of their imagination.” When this occurs — when the gap between our mental frameworks and reality grows too wide — the results are not pretty.  
 
After the 2008–2009 global financial crisis, Alan Greenspan, the former Chairman of the US Federal Reserve confessed that his intellectual assumptions of a lifetime had been shaken and he was still trying to understand what had happened. He has since written a book to explain why economic forecasters failed so miserably. I haven’t read it so I do not know his conclusions. But it is not my impression that the market fundamentalism and the political dysfunctionalities that were clearly among the factors responsible for the financial crisis have gone away. It is a cliché but nevertheless true that the hardest thing to change is a mind. 
  
I believe the world is now at greater risk of this kind of error. We are in a phase of greater than usual international uncertainty.   
 
The proximate cause was the end of the Cold War. President Putin of Russia is notorious in the West for describing the collapse of the Soviet Union as “the major geopolitical disaster of the century.” In human terms, for former Soviet citizens, particularly ethnic Russians, whose psychological bearings were cast adrift overnight, many of whom found themselves trapped in the often hostile environments of newly independent former Soviet republics, this was no more than a statement of fact. But one need not be infected with nostalgia for the glories, real or imagined, of the Soviet past or sentimental about the Cold War, to appreciate Mr Putin’s comment on other grounds. 
 
For almost half a century after the end of the Second World War, our fundamental understanding of the world — the basic mental framework that all states held in common — was the Cold War. It established the essential processes of international relations for us all. Irrespective of which side of the ideological divide we stood, and even if we tried to steer clear of either side by a policy of Non-Alignment — which was always for the majority of the Movement more pretence than real — the Cold War prescribed the parameters of the possible for us all with a stark and brutal clarity.  
 
Despite its dangers, and they were great, the Cold War had one virtue — a clearly defined structure. The very danger gave the structure sharp resolution. Clarity and danger created order. The early Cold War saw several US-Soviet crises in the Caribbean, Berlin and the Middle East. But direct superpower confrontation soon proved too dangerous, and by the mid-1960s their competition largely manifested itself through proxies in peripheral regions where defeat or victory engaged no vital interests of the superpowers.  
 
The result was what one scholar has called “The Long Peace”. This was of course peace between the superpowers. It was not very peaceful for those careless, reckless, foolish or unfortunate enough to become proxies. But for prudent or lucky states on the periphery — and prudence creates its own luck — there was never very much doubt about how to position ourselves within the Cold War structure to  
 
avoid getting entangled in superpower proxy wars and perhaps even obtain some modest advantage from their rivalry. Singapore was among them. 
 
That clarity of choice is gone and will not be recreated. We now have danger — although of a lesser magnitude — without clearly defined structure. No one really knows what will, or can, replace the Cold War structure. It has been a quarter of a century since the Berlin Wall came down and the USSR imploded, yet we can still only define our times by reference to the age that preceded it; we still call this “the post-Cold War”. We live in an age without definition. 
 
There was a brief post-Cold War moment when one country seemed to hold all the levers of the world in its hands. The western side of the Cold War structure was entirely an American creation. The US and the Soviet Union both claimed to embody universal values. Once the latter was discredited and its Cold War structure dissolved, there seemed no alternative to American-led institutions, American power, American values and American ideas. History had ended. The economic analogue was “The Great Moderation” whereby the genius of American economists had reduced the complexity of economic systems and human behaviour to neat mathematical formulas, and harnessed the market to once and for all tame the business cycle.  
 
By the end of the first decade of the 21st century, these delusions were dispelled by the failed wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and the near meltdown of Wall Street. Barack Obama rode the backlash into the White House. The general view regards his election as the vindication of American values. Perhaps. But I take the contrarian view that the very improbability of Mr Obama’s election reflects disillusionment with the post-Cold War definition of American values and a groping after a different and more authentic definition. This at least in part explains the resonance of Obama’s campaign slogan of “change”. But expectations were so high that he was almost bound to disappoint. The unseemly and bewildering spectacle of the current primary campaigns – Republican and Democrat -- suggests that the search for a new definition is still on-going, with undercurrents of desperation and hysteria. 
 
Without global structure, global leadership is diffused. Without global leadership many urgent international issues — take your pick, anything from climate change to proliferation to refugees to pandemics and more — will be left unresolved or dealt with only sub-optimally, enhancing the uncertainties. By the time of the 2008–2009 financial crisis it was clear that the brave new post-Cold War world order had not turned out quite as orderly as President George H. W. Bush, who had confidently proclaimed it, had expected, and that existing international institutions were inadequate to cope with such new types of crises.  
 
Enter the G-20. At the Pittsburgh G-20 Summit in 2009, President Obama announced that the G-20 would replace the G-8 as the “premier forum” for international economic cooperation. The significance of his statement went beyond finance and economics. In effect, he was acknowledging that the American-led Cold War structure could not be the sole basis of a post-Cold War global structure.  
 
The G-20 was thus heralded by some as a sign that the brief post-Cold War unipolar moment had been replaced by multipolarity. The term is imprecise but in so far as multipolarity implies a rough symmetry of power between different “poles” this is not a multipolar world and it is far from clear that it will become multipolar in the foreseeable future. Despite its manifold problems, the US is still at the pinnacle of the international hierarchy in almost every dimension of power and is likely to remain there. If there is multipolarity, it exists only at the regional level. The US is still the only truly global power. But it is also a power whose limits are now evident. 
 
Ian Bremmer of the Eurasia Group has described the contemporary global order as G-Zero. It is a striking metaphor. But in so far as this conveys the image of a formless world, it overstates the case. The American order may be fraying at its edges and inadequate, but it has not disappeared. The G-20 has proved useful, but only within narrow and specialised parameters. The G-20 coexists in a not entirely coordinated fashion with the UN system and the Bretton Woods institutions. The UN, the World Bank, the IMF and other such institutions all still have their uses. But all   
 are also to some degree dysfunctional; sometimes by design, sometimes because their original design was conceived under very different historical conditions after the  
Second World War. None is likely to be significantly reformed. We do not face a blank slate to write thereon whatever we please. This poses a different kind of challenge.  
 
As the only truly global power, US leadership is irreplaceable. But it clearly cannot now exercise leadership alone. This is not new. The US did not exercise leadership alone during the Cold War. But without the strategic imperatives of the Cold War, there is no compelling reason for other major powers — US allies included — to accept US leadership except on an ad-hoc and partial basis, which adds to the uncertainties of our time. There is also no compelling reason for the American people to continue shouldering the burdens and sacrifices of leadership. But which country or group of countries has the capacity to, or is inclined to provide sustained help to the US?  
 
Europe? The Transatlantic Alliance was the major pillar of the Western Cold War structure. But the end of the Cold War has deconstructed the idea of the “West” and made explicit what were once implicit nuances between European values and American values. The most liberal American — I use the term in its American sense of willingness to use state power to shape domestic economic and social outcomes — is less interventionist than the most conservative European, and I again use the term in its American sense of being for a minimalist state. These differences could conceivably be managed. But Europe is now also tangled in knots of its own making and has neither the energy nor the appetite to take on global responsibilities, although for reasons of amour propre it occasionally pretends to do so, though not always with happy results.  
 
At the very heart of the post-Cold War European idea is a fundamental contradiction. The EU was conceived of as a post-nationalist construct. Ironically it was inspired by nationalist fears of a superior nationalism. Germany is larger than any other European state. After Bismarck united Germany in the 19th century, the “German  
 Question” led to two world wars. It resurfaced in 1989 after the respite of Cold War  division. A reunited Germany was to be tamed by the “pooling of sovereignties”, the centrepieces of which were the common currency and the Schengen Agreement. 
 
But the ambition, once launched, soared beyond Germany. Europe as a community of values was intended to be a new kind of global power. There was to be a new and superior pan-European identity based on an ideal of universal rights and a generous social model. This was as much a delusion as the communist dream of creating a “new socialist man”. Nationalism cannot be wished away. The instinct to define oneself by distinguishing like from the “other” is an intrinsic and primordial part of human nature. Any political project undertaken in defiance of human nature is bound to eventually fail. In this respect the EU stands as a prime example of the futility and danger of letting mental frameworks, however appealing or noble, outrun reality.  
 
European elites deeply believe in their utopian vision of Europe and the elite answer to any obstacle to the realisation of this vision has generally been “more Europe”. But the man-in-the-street, rue, strasse or calle clearly does not agree with his enlightened betters and we are now witnessing the denouement of the internal contradictions of the post-Cold War European idea. The rise of extreme right-wing, neo-fascist anti-EU movements is one manifestation. The Eurozone crisis is another. Was it ever realistic to expect Greeks to behave with the fiscal discipline of Germans? Cultural differences, the social norms they generate and ultimately the differing conceptions of the “good life” do matter. But these are not the worst consequences of the divergence between ideal and reality.  
 
I have never made a secret of my scepticism about the wilder boundaries of the European idea. In response, a European friend — and contrary to the belief of some, I do have several European friends — urged patience. It may take another generation or more, he said, but we will get there. Already young Europeans have embraced the idea of Europe far more enthusiastically than their parents or grandparents, he argued. Who are these young Europeans, I asked. Are they all middle-class, white, employed, at least nominally Christian or secular? He changed  
 the subject. Too many non-white, Muslim Europeans face discrimination,  ghettoisation and disproportionately high levels of unemployment, making them in effect a class of untermensch. Is it too fanciful to think that the divergence between the lofty European ideal and the grim reality they experience makes them susceptible to radicalisation? The Paris attacks, and those in London before that, were carried out by such second-generation “Europeans”. The flood of Middle-Eastern refugees and illegal immigrants can only exacerbate the situation. 
 
I take no joy in Europe’s travails. In our own interests we must hope that Europe sorts itself out as soon as possible. But this requires a scaling down of ambition to close the gap between ideal and reality. Among other things this must entail acceptance of a more sustainable social model, some form of fiscal regime policed by Berlin and above all, a painfully wrenching redefinition of European values and the meaning of being European. It will not be easy. Things will probably have to get worse and there will be many a futile gyration to evade reality before the inevitability of change is accepted. 
  
The result will be a different and hopefully a more humble Europe. Certainly not one that can offer an alternative global vision. A “common security and foreign policy” if not abandoned entirely, is unlikely to remain more than a pious aspiration. Europe bungled in the Balkans, bungled in North Africa, and its fecklessness was a major cause of the crisis in Ukraine. Rather than Europe rendering help to the US, it was the US that pulled Europe’s chestnuts out of all these fires on Europe’s own borders. From 1989 to 2014, the defence budgets of all EU members except Estonia stagnated or declined. Terrorist threats and a resurgent Russia notwithstanding, I do not expect significant increases in European defence budgets. Soft power is no substitute for hard power; you cannot have the former if you do not have the latter and contemporary Europe simply cannot afford to be a global geopolitical force. 
 
America’s East Asian allies — Japan, the Republic of Korea, Australia and New Zealand — can at best help mainly in their own region and only sporadically   
 elsewhere. And even in East Asia, as I will explain in a subsequent lecture, they are being subjected to powerful new forces that threaten to conscribe what they can do. 
 
Can the BRICS — Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa — help? I doubt it, at least not in any significant way. Let us not forget that the term was first coined by a fund manager as a marketing slogan designed to part the unwary from their money and not as a geopolitical concept. Since then much of the lustre has worn off these emerging markets and while the BRICS now hold regular Summits and other meetings, have established a secretariat of sorts, and there is even a BRICS Bank, it is still not a self-evidently viable geopolitical concept.  
 
Not much unites the BRICS except the desire for greater recognition of their status. Their ambitions are contradictory or I think will eventually prove contradictory: Does China support India’s aspiration to become a Permanent Member of the UN Security Council? Moscow and Beijing now insistently profess partnership, perhaps too insistently, but can Chinese and Russian ambitions in Central Asia really be reconciled? What coherence the BRICS have as a group is provided by their economic links with China, which trades and invests more with each of the others than the rest do with one another, and China’s central role in the group is not regarded by the others without ambivalence. In any case, Brazil and South Africa play only relatively limited regional roles which are not uncontested by others in their regions. 
 
Russia is a dissatisfied power, still smouldering with resentment at the loss of superpower status. Its main motivation is to prove that it still matters, particularly in its “near abroad”. The story of American and European relations with Russia in the 1990s was one of squandered opportunity. In the immediate post-Cold War period, the US and Europe made a serious strategic mistake by treating post-Soviet Russia condescendingly as a defeated country, and Moscow believes, not without justification, that promises made at the end of the Cold War were not honoured because it was weak. In economic and demographic terms Russia is on a long-term downward trajectory. Still for now it has the political will and sufficient muscle to  
 demonstrate that its core interests, as in Ukraine and Syria, cannot be disregarded with impunity. Russia is not irrational and will cooperate with the West when its interests dictate it should. But it has no viable new global vision and is not in a  position to exercise a global geopolitical role except in a formal diplomatic sense as a Permanent Member of the UNSC. 
 
Unlike Russia, India is not a dissatisfied power. Independent India has always had a global vision of itself. But that very vision has made it wary of playing any other major power’s game. Acutely conscious of its ancient civilisation, it certainly will not play deputy to the US sheriff but seek an independent role. Does India’s capability match its vision? Not yet. India is reforming. Its long-term prospects are good. Prime Minister Modi clearly wants to change India, but change does not come quickly to a subcontinental-sized country where each constituent state is practically a country unto itself. And notwithstanding its global vision, governing a vast, bewilderingly complicated democracy will always absorb most of any Indian government’s energies. India more naturally looks inwards than outwards.  
 
In practice, India’s main external preoccupation is Pakistan, perhaps too much so, but understandably given their history and Pakistan’s long-standing ties with China. India fought and lost a brief but traumatic war with China in 1962. Its illusions of Chinese-Indian brotherhood shattered, India then spent decades trying its best to ignore China, interacting only at the margins. It no longer has that luxury, but still does not quite know how to deal with China and so eyes it warily, while flirting with China’s other Asian rival, Japan. But despite the apparent coincidence of strategic interests — promoted, or at any rate hyped, by their current Prime Ministers — I cannot think of two more mutually incomprehensible Asian cultures than India and Japan. This is not a partnership whose closer evolution as part of a new global structure is to be taken as a given. 
 
Any new global order must have US-China relations as a central pillar. But we are still far from a G-2 world and it is not a forgone conclusion that it will ever be a G-2   
 world. I will deal with US-China relations in detail in a subsequent lecture. For now suffice to note only a few points. 
 First, US-China relations defy simple characterisation. China and the US are clearly not enemies. Neither can they be clearly said to be friends or natural partners. In this  respect, US-China relations exemplify one of the most salient characteristics of post-Cold War major power relations: ambiguity. Profound interdependence of a new type 
coexists with equally profound strategic mistrust. The same is true of EU-Russia relations, Sino-Indian relations and Sino-Japanese relations.  
 
Second, the main beneficiary of the end of the Cold War was not the “West” but China. Freed of the constraints imposed by its de facto membership of the US-led anti-Soviet alliance which it accepted out of necessity, but still largely a free-rider globally and so without onerous international responsibilities, China has since the 1990s been free to single-mindedly pursue its own interests. It has plugged itself more successfully than any other major developing country into the opportunities afforded by post-Cold War globalisation and thus rose with the results we all know.  
 
Third, what will China do with its new status and power? That is not so clear, perhaps not even to China’s own leaders. As the main beneficiary of the existing order, China has no strong incentive to kick over the table. Neither has it any deep attachment to a system that is heir to the order it holds responsible for “a hundred years of humiliation”. Deng Xiaoping advised: “Hide your strength, bide your time”. Has that time now come? I would not rush to any conclusion one way or the other. President Xi Jinping has been more ambitious than any of his predecessors since Mao Zedong in articulating an international vision for China. But it is primarily an East Asian and Eurasian and not a global vision, and the vision lacks detailed resolution; still more a “China Dream” than a China plan. Nor has China been consistent in either the articulation of its interests or its actions. Even in East Asia where Chinese and US interests most directly intersect, I do not believe that either China or the US yet precisely knows what they want from each other, even as they seek a new accommodation with each other. 
 
The world now finds itself in an indeterminate situation. There is no satisfied country powerful enough to maintain the existing global order by itself; nor is there any   satisfied country that can offer consistent help to maintain the existing global order. There is no country that is simultaneously dissatisfied enough and powerful enough  to change the existing global order. The uncertain interregnum that we now find ourselves in is likely to last a long time, perhaps decades and not just a few years.  
 
Why was the promise of a new post-Cold War world order not fulfilled? One key factor was the US attitude in the immediate post-Cold War period, which proved self-defeating and made it more difficult than necessary for other major powers to swallow American leadership. The fundamental error was to misinterpret the meaning of the end of the Cold War and the collapse of the Soviet Union, and to confound these related but distinct events.  
 
The Soviet Union undoubtedly failed. But did America or the “West” unambiguously win? What does “winning” in this context mean anyway? What is the “West” that allegedly won? In the rush of events these questions, among others, were insufficiently probed.  
 
Almost two years separate the fall of the Berlin Wall and the collapse of the Soviet Union. And the US or the “West” generally was not necessarily the key actor. Would the Cold War have ended in the way it did had Mikhail Gorbachev not been inclined to make the decisions he did with regard to the reunification of Germany and Soviet forces in East Europe? He could have resisted. But arguably Gorbachev had already concluded that his attempts to reform the Soviet system required the end of Cold War tensions, and the Soviet Union collapsed not because of the end of the Cold War but despite the end of the Cold War. Could Gorbachev’s reforms have succeeded, as reforms did in China’s essentially similar Leninist system, had Gorbachev’s vanity not caused him to foolishly confuse Western flattery for domestic support and pursue glasnost ahead of perestroika, fatally loosening the CPSU’s control at a crucial time? Would the Soviet Union have collapsed so suddenly if not  
 for the personal antagonism and rivalry between Boris Yeltsin and Gorbachev and the ambitions of the leaders of the constituent republics of the USSR, particularly the Ukraine? 
 There is of course no way of answering these questions definitively just as there is no way of dismissing them entirely, and that is the point. History is replete with contingencies and the consequences of human agency are intrinsically unpredictable 
and often more limited than the actors may have thought. The memoirs President George H. W. Bush co-authored with his National Security Advisor Brent Scowcroft,  
as well as other studies of the end of the Cold War, make clear that the decision to accept German reunification was not easy and Chancellor Kohl in effect forced the hands of America and his European partners. And from other sources, we now know that the Berlin Wall was breached because a nervous GDR spokesman bungled an answer at a press conference and in the resulting confusion no one knew what to do when hordes of East Germans rushed the Wall. In his memoirs, President Bush explicitly said that he was reluctant to force the break-up of the Soviet Union because of concern about control of the Soviet nuclear arsenal. In the end Scowcroft recalled: “We could actually do very little one way or the other to influence the outcome….”  
 
That modest judgement was of course ex post facto. The memoirs were written when passions had cooled and published eight years after the Soviet Union collapsed. The attitude at the time was very different. In his 1992 State of the Union Address, President George H.W. Bush declared, “By the grace of God, America won the Cold War” and went on to describe a US-centric view of the future: “A world once divided into two armed camps now recognises one sole and pre-eminent power, the United States of America. And this they regard with no dread. For the world trusts us with power, and the world is right.”  
 
Naked American triumphalism was given a superficial intellectual gloss by Francis Fukuyama’s infamous article in the neoconservative journal The National Interest, arguing that with America’s victory, “History” had ended. History took no notice of  
 Professor Fukuyama’s theories and went rolling bloodily along, manifesting itself among other ways, through genocide in Rwanda and vicious wars of ethnic cleansing in the former Yugoslavia. Nothing deterred, the good Professor then wrote an entire book insisting that history had indeed ended in the special philosophical   sense he meant, but the rest of us were insufficiently erudite to understand or notice. It was not until the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan — at least in part inspired by universalist theories such as those he propounded — proved unwinnable, that Professor Fukuyama thought it prudent to write yet another book denying that he had ever been a neoconservative. He has since occupied himself writing hefty tomes on  
other subjects and, I believe, occasionally lecturing at the Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy.  
 
Making fun of the learned is akin to shooting fish in a barrel; not very sporting perhaps, but too tempting to resist. In any case, I can seldom resist the temptation. My purpose this time is however a serious one: To illustrate the stubborn persistence of mental frameworks, irrespective of their appropriateness and in defiance of empirical evidence. And despite the accumulated weight of evidence, the universalist impulse still lingers in more invidious ways and continues to have real effects on policy. 
 
I have already alluded to the way it was used to justify an ill-considered war to effect regime change in Iraq. The 2003 war shook confidence in American leadership from which America has yet to fully recover. It precipitated a split in the Transatlantic Alliance and the EU. France and Germany led defiance of America; Blair’s Britain enthusiastically embraced the war. Yet the same universalist impulse, lurking under the guise of humanitarian intervention, later led France and some other EU members of NATO into equally ill-considered bombing campaigns to try to change regimes, successfully in Libya, unsuccessfully in Syria. 
 
If American allies were disquieted, what impact would it have had on countries like China, Russia, India and in the Middle-East and Southeast Asia? 
 
Inappropriate mental frameworks may not matter very much when the international order is settled. They matter a great deal in times of international uncertainty when basic assumptions are shaken and the global order lacks clear definition. It is precisely in those times when the human mind, discombobulated by too much   uncertainty, most desperately and thus uncritically seeks out frameworks that will give the comfort of familiarity and comprehension in the midst of disorienting flux.  
 
Oftentimes the comfort is illusionary. Contemporary examples are slogans like “A New Cold War” or “Asia Rising” as well as theories like the so-called “Thucydides Trap” or “A Clash of Civilizations” or analogies with pre-First World War Europe. I believe they are all at best over-simplifications; at worse, dangerous nonsense. 
 
The basic strategic challenge facing all of us in times of international uncertainly is: How to position ourselves to preserve the widest range of options and avoid being forced into invidious choices? This is more difficult than the basic Cold War challenge of choosing wisely. When the international structure lacks clear definition, when major power relationships defy simple characterisation and the major powers are themselves groping towards new accommodations with each other, we have no firm landmarks from which to take bearings and we can only navigate with reference to our own assessments. And if our assessments are based on false frameworks, we might well mistake rocks and shoals for safe passage.  
 
Ladies & gentlemen, I have tried your patience for too long this evening. So let me conclude with a brief summary of what I have tried to achieve and what I hope to do in coming months. Today I have a made very broad, but I hope not too rambling and superficial, survey of the international situation as I see it and the basic strategic challenge that arises from it. I intend to use the rest of the lectures in this series to examine some aspects of the international situation in detail. As you may have surmised from the examples of false frameworks that I listed, my focus will be on Asia, specifically East Asia, although I intend to make passing references to other regions as well.  
 
My next lecture will be on US-China relations and will touch on Sino-Japanese relations as well. The lecture after will deal with our own region, Southeast Asia and the effects of US-China and other major power relations on ASEAN. The fourth lecture will examine the dominant Western framework — the alleged universality of   certain values and political forms — which is not merely misleading but possibly dangerous. The final lecture will return home to discuss Singapore’s readiness to cope with all these complexities. Once again, thank you for your patience.  

US-China relations set the tone for East Asia: when they are stable, the region is calm; when they are roiled the region is uneasy.  In time the same will hold true, I believe, for other regions as well. US-China relations will certainly be a, if not the, central pillar of any new post-Cold War international order.  
 
US-China relations are mature: it has been 44 years since President Nixon’s visit to Beijing transformed the global strategic landscape. US-China relations are intricately interdependent across a broad spectrum of domains. And US-China relations are infused with deep strategic distrust. The US and China are currently groping towards a new modus vivendi with each other and the rest of East Asia. The complexity of US-China relations and hence the complexity of the adjustments between them that are underway, are a large part of the uncertainties of our times.  
 
 I am not clairvoyant.  The purpose of this lecture is not to predict the timing, shape or nature of the future accommodation between the US and China or even if there will be one. My purpose is more modest: it is to sketch in very wide strokes some of the issues that will have to be confronted in this process. In particular, I want to deal with the roots of the strategic distrust that exists between them. Unless that is understood and dealt with, no matter how well the US and China may work together on climate change or terrorism or finance or Afghanistan or any other specific issue, a stable new equilibrium will be difficult -- if not impossible -- to achieve. And even if some sort of equilibrium is reached, it will be difficult to maintain.  
 
Despite or perhaps because of their long experience of each other, US-China relations have been rife with misunderstanding.  The most persistent of these misunderstandings in recent times is the notion that economic reform will lead to political reform.  American attitudes towards China have oscillated between hopes and fears that perhaps say more about America than China. In the 19th century, many Americans believed that trade with China was, as John K. Fairbank, the great American historian of China, described it, “our manifest destiny under the invisible hand of divine providence”.  One could conclude that the illusion has persisted ever since.  At any rate, when the notion of destiny, divine or otherwise, intrudes into the 
analysis of international affairs, trouble usually follows. Looking back what is surprising is that despite persistent misunderstanding – usually masquerading as profound insight – there has been so little trouble, although when trouble ensues it has been spectacular, as during the Korean War. 
 
Today the dominant attitude seems to be drifting towards regarding China as a threat, at least in the American media and political discourse. Perhaps it is. But it is important to understand the nature of the challenge accurately and exaggerating the so-called ‘China threat’ is as bad as wishful thinking. So let me state my bottom-line up-front.  
 
Competition and rivalry are intrinsic parts of relations between all major powers. As China gains strength and confidence, it is bound to pursue its interests more assertively and acquire the instruments to do so. Former President Hu Jintao said as much in 2009 when he announced China should pursue “Four Strengths” one of which was greater influence in international politics. Since then, the PLA has assumed a higher profile in China’s external relations, particularly in East Asia but also as far afield as the Horn of Africa. Military modernization was one of the ‘Four Modernizations’ announced as early as 1978, and we should not profess shock or surprise that China has now begun to acquire the military capability befitting a major power. We may consider China’s military modernization as in our interests or see it as against our interests, but China acquiring a modern military is not in itself unusual. Competition is not necessarily conflict. The important question is what use China makes of its growing military strength.  
 
This is not a question that should lend itself to facile answers. So let me clear away some of the theoretical debris that has accumulated around it. In my first lecture I described these theories as mental frameworks that some cling to in order to comfort themselves with a false familiarity in a situation that is in fact intrinsically unfamiliar and uncertain. Clearing the debris will go some way to defining realistic parameters within which the US and China must seek a new accommodation.  
 
In my first lecture I described US-China relations as defying simple characterization. But we can at least say what the relationship is not. It is certainly not ‘a Clash of Civilizations’. For the last two hundred years or so, the fundamental challenge confronting the non-western world is how to adapt to a western defined modernity. The very concept of the modern is western. All non-western countries have, in different degrees, had to change themselves.  But only a handful of countries, almost all in East Asia beginning with Meiji Japan, have successfully met the challenge. China is the most important example. Communism is a western ideology. The Chinese Communist Party (CCP) is the latest and most successful iteration of a series of political experiments in search of ‘wealth and power’ to deal with western predations that began in the late Qing Dynasty and which continue to this day. 
 
Those East Asian countries that have most successfully adapted to the western definition of modernity, China included, have in a sense achieved the ambition of Fukuzawa Yukichi the Meiji era reformer, of ‘leaving Asia and joining the West’.  This does not mean that we have all somehow become or will become ‘good westerners’. What does that mean anyway?  
 
By changing itself, China is changing the very concept of the political ‘West’ which has now been compelled to adapt its definition of self to new realities. The changes are most pronounced in Europe. Among other things, the price Norway had to pay for giving Liu Xiaobo the Nobel Peace Prize in 2010, the cringingly obsequious welcome that President Xi Jinping received in London last year – Lord Macartney must have spun in his grave -- and the spectacle of European leaders trooping to Beijing cap in hand after the Eurozone crisis began, are visible symbols of the evolving political definition of the ‘West’.  
 
The US has always been a more robust and self-confident country than a tired Europe now confused and unsure about the sustainability of its own post-Cold War identity. China could not have succeeded without the US. China’s success is in a very fundamental way also an American success, albeit a not entirely comfortable one for America. This perhaps makes adaptation more difficult for the US than 
Europe and adds in no small part to the complexity of the strategic adjustments that are underway between the US and China.  
 
But whether it admits it or not, the US too has begun to adapt. There can be no ‘Clash of Civilizations’ because we are now all hybrids and will become even more so. There are no ‘pure’ traditional civilizations anywhere.  If there is indeed a ‘Clash of Civilizations’ it is not with the West as represented by the US, but between a part of the Islamic world and all else who have to whatever degree adapted to the western definition of modernity, including most Muslims.  
 
The most objective measure of adaptation is economic development. As its economy matures and it restructures its economy, China’s growth is bound to moderate. Still, according to a recent study by the East Asian Institute of this university, even at a lower rate of growth of 6.5%, China generates additional GDP that is equivalent to 80% of Indonesia’s current GDP or a third of India’s current GDP.  China faces many challenges. I do not assume that China will continue to grow in a smooth upward trajectory. No country has ever done so. Why should we expect China to be an exception?  But it would be imprudent to assume that China will fail. The CCP has a record of adaptability. It has survived many traumas that would have wrecked a less robust creature; never mind that many of those traumas were self-inflicted.  
 
The inevitably irregular rhythms of economic growth ought to make us cautious about accepting simplistic characterizations of US-China relations as some variant of a contrast between a rising China and a declining US. This posits a false dichotomy. China is certainly rising but the US is not in decline, although if we confine our view of the US to the political shenanigans in its capital we may be forgiven for coming to such a conclusion. But the most significant developments in America do not necessarily take place in the political arena or in Washington DC. They occur in the 50 states, in American corporations, on Wall Street and in its universities and research laboratories. All who have underestimated American creativity and resilience have come to regret it.  The changes in the distribution of power are relative and not absolute. As I pointed out in my first lecture, the US is still 
preeminent in most indices of power and is likely to remain so for the foreseeable future. 
 
This is most obvious in the military realm. China has carefully studied the experience of the former Soviet Union, and while it will continue to improve its military capabilities, it is not likely to make the Soviet mistake of bankrupting itself by trying to match or surpass the US in every military system or in every theatre of operations. It does not have to do so. Before too long, China will reach a more symmetrical military equation with the US in East Asia. This will have very important implications for the maritime disputes in the South China Sea (SCS) which have become something of a proxy for the strategic adjustments underway between the US and China. I will deal with the SCS in my next lecture on ASEAN and Southeast Asia. For now, suffice to say that while military planners cannot ignore any contingency, and in a system of sovereign states the possibility of war can never be entirely discounted, war is not a very probable scenario. I think war is highly improbable. 
 
Neither the US or China is looking for trouble or spoiling for a fight. The essential priorities of both are internal not external. Of course neither is going to roll over and let the other tickle its tummy. That is not how great powers behave. Both will not relent in the pursuit of their own interests which sometimes will be incompatible. There will be friction and tensions. But the most vital of all Chinese interests is the preservation of CCP rule. Beijing knows that win, lose or draw – and the most likely outcome of any military conflict with the US is a loss – the CCP’s grip on power will be placed in grave jeopardy.  
 
Chinese leaders sometimes talk tough as the leaders of all great powers are wont to do. But they are not reckless. They have studied the rise of other great powers and do not want to repeat their mistakes. China has repeatedly stressed that its ‘rise’ will be ‘peaceful’ and has even modified the original slogan to ‘peaceful development’ as a less threatening formulation. President Xi Jinping has articulated a bold “China Dream” and he has been more assertive than his predecessor. But President Xi Jinping is a ‘princeling’ who must regard CCP rule as his patrimony to be preserved. 
I doubt he will be adventurist even as he asserts China’s new status externally, while grappling with the many complicated internal challenges that confront the CCP internally.  
 
There has been a historical tendency for America to look inwards after periods of intense external engagement. The wars that the US chose to fight but lost – or at least did not win – in the Middle East after 2003 were the longest in American history, longer than the Korean and Vietnam wars, longer even than the Second World War. President Obama was elected on the backlash.  As the sole global power, the US cannot retreat into complete isolationism. Like it or not, the world will intrude and in East Asia specifically there has been a fundamental consistency in US policy over the last forty years or more that I expect will be maintained. But the political mood that has sustained Donald Trump and Bernie Saunders in their unlikely Presidential campaigns is disillusionment with globalization and working and middle class insecurity about their future in an increasingly unfamiliar and uncertain world.  
 
There is an impression across East Asia, shared even by some American Asia specialists of both political parties, that the second Obama administration has been less engaged and weaker than the first Obama administration. This is not entirely accurate but what matters is perception. Whoever next occupies the White House will therefore probably talk and even act tougher. But no American President can ignore the national mood which is not for more wars of choice.  
 
With both sides inclined towards prudence, I have little regard for mechanistic theories of US-China relations such as the so-called ‘Thucydides Trap’. It is true that historically, strategic adjustments of the magnitude that are underway between the US and China have either been the result of war or ended in war. But to treat someone as an enemy is to make an enemy and the theory of the ‘Thucydides Trap’ does not place sufficient emphasis on human agency: to recognise that there may be a Trap is to go a long way towards avoiding it. In any case, China will soon acquire a credible second strike capability if it does not already have one. The prospect of 
Mutually Assured Destruction has the effect of freezing the international order as it substantially did during the Cold War when, except in the Middle East, most geopolitical changes were due to internal rather than external developments. The primary military risk in US-China relations is conflict by accident, not war by design. 
 
If war between the US and China is highly improbable, is there or will there be a ‘New Cold War’ between the US and China? There will almost certainly be tense episodes. But I do not think this is an appropriate metaphor to understand the US-China dynamic.  
 
Unlike in US-Soviet relations during the Cold War there is no fundamentally irreconcilable ideological divide between the US and a China that has now enthusiastically embraced the market. During the Cold War both the US and the Soviet Union legitimated themselves through the claim of universality for their respective systems. This made their competition a zero-sum game and the Soviet Union a revisionist power by definition even if its actual policies were often conservative.  We think of the US as custodian of the status quo, but the US is also a revisionist power. Don’t take my word for it: ask Iraqis or Afghans. Every great power is selectively and simultaneously revisionist when its suits its purposes, and a staunch upholder of the status quo when it does not. 
 
As I argued in my first lecture, while China may not be an entirely satisfied power, neither is it clearly a revisionist power. The SCS is an exception. But globally, China is still largely a free-rider. China wants its new status acknowledged, and it was never very realistic to expect China to meekly accept the role of ‘responsible stakeholder’ – which is a polite way of describing a junior partner -- in an order it had little say in shaping But China has by and large worked within institutions such as the UN, WTO, World Bank and IMF and abided by their decisions. China has never claimed universality, except for a brief Maoist period which was but a blip in the long sweep of Chinese history. Instead China regarded itself as the Universe and demanded acknowledgment of that status. Something – too much -- of that attitude still lingers in Chinese policies in East Asia and complicates China relations with the 
US and other countries in the region. But that is a different matter from claiming universality or being revisionist.   
 
The Soviet Union was containable because it largely contained itself by pursuing autarky. The US and the Soviet Union were linked primarily by the need to avoid mutual destruction. But China is so vital a node in the world economy and the interdependence between the US and China so deep and wide that the US might as well try to contain itself as try to contain China. This would be an exercise in futility. The US and China both know that they cannot achieve their basic national goals without working with the other. I do not think that either necessarily likes the situation they find themselves in, but both are pragmatic and accept it.  
 
The very complexity of US-China relations – the enormous range of issues that the relationship now encompasses – generates a certain self-correcting dynamic. Whether you begin from the inclination to view the relationship through the distorting prism of democracy and human rights promotion as did the first Clinton administration in 1993, or you start from the equally distorting premise of regarding China primarily as a strategic competitor as did the neo-conservatives at the beginning of the George W. Bush administration in 2001, the very effort to balance and reconcile the diversity of interests across a broad range of issues that cannot be ignored, eventually drives policy to the centre. Lest you think that this is an overly sanguine conclusion, the key word is “eventually”. There can be a whole lot of damage both to the relationship and collaterally to third parties before the centre is reached. 
 
I am aware of the argument, based on what I consider a false historical analogy with Europe before the First World War, that interdependence did not then prevent Imperial Germany and the country formerly known as Great Britain from blundering into war. The classic description of European interdependence of that period was by John Maynard Keynes when he wrote of an inhabitant of London being able to “order by telephone, sipping his morning tea in bed, the various products of the whole 
earth”. Is there a fundamental difference between the situation in Europe then and between the US and China now?  
 
I think so and let me venture a hypothesis that I am too slothful to research and will leave to others more energetic and knowledgeable to prove or disprove if they are so inclined. The key difference is I think in Keynes’ use of the word “products”. The classical theory of comparative advantage holds that if I have an advantage in, say, producing beef and you have an advantage in, say, producing wine, we should each stick to producing what we have an advantage in producing and if we exchange beef for wine, we will both live happily ever after replete and drunk. But is this how the most economically significant part of international trade is today conducted?   
 
I doubt that the concept of a production chain existed before the First World War, or if it existed, it was only in a very rudimentary form. I suspect that the most economically significant parts of contemporary world trade are not in natural resources or manufactured finished products, but in gizmos of one sort or another as part of transnational production chains by multinational corporations. This I think raises the costs of disrupting interdependence to qualitatively new levels and creates a kind of economic mutually assured, if not exactly destruction, at least impoverishment. I do not claim that interdependence whether of this new type or the common-or-garden-variety makes war between the US and China impossible, only that it enhances the other factors that make war highly improbable.  
 
So where does all this leave us? I do not think it makes the strategic adjustments any easier. But it does imply that the parameters within which the US and China must seek a new accommodation are narrower than what we might have been led to expect by the media or the more sensationalist sort of academic analysis.  
 
I earlier argued that it would be futile for the US to try and contain China.  It would be equally futile for Beijing to try to exclude the US from East Asia. Both the US and China will remain essential parts of the East Asian strategic equation. China has proposed a ‘new type of major power relations’ to the US. It is not entirely clear what 
China means by this, but by any definition it implies some sort of role for the US in East Asia, even though the specifics of that role are yet to be determined. The delineation of their respective roles is in fact what the groping after a new US-China modus vivendi is all about. 
 
At the 4th Summit of the Conference on Interaction and Confidence Building Measures in Asia (CICA) in Shanghai in May 2014, President Xi Jinping resurrected the notion that “it is for the peoples of Asia to run the affairs of Asia, solve the problems of Asia and uphold the security of Asia”.  Although the idea has a venerable if unhappy history – the ghost of the Greater East Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere haunts it -- and bears a generic resemblance to China’s ritualistic argument that outside powers should not interfere in the SCS disputes, I am not inclined to read too much into it.   
 
Who or what is ‘Asian’? Is it a geographic, cultural or political identity?  Russia is a member of CICA. So is Israel. Are they ‘Asian’? The US is an observer in CICA. So are Belarus and Ukraine.  What in a globalised world is an ‘outside power’ or even a ‘region’?  CICA is not obviously an ‘Asian’ forum. Nor are any of the other regional organizations and forums in which China participates, including the SCO a Chinese initiative which has Russia as a member and Belarus as an observer. Any inconsistency between the idea President Xi floated at CICA and the proposed ‘new type of major power relations’ is perhaps an indication that China is still uncertain about what geopolitical concept would be in its best interests in a post-Cold War world and hence reluctant to foreclose any option. In any case, it now seems to have been displaced by President Xi’s vision of ‘One Belt, One Road’. This is primarily an economic vision but has geopolitical implications insofar as it can be understood as an ambition for a Sinocentric Eurasian – and not just ‘Asian’ – order.  
 
Japan is undoubtedly ‘Asian’. The impossibility of displacing Japan from East Asia is the strongest argument against any Chinese design to entirely exclude the US from the region. Sino-Japanese relations are complicated and will remain so even as tensions wax and wane. Without the US or even if the US-Japan alliance is 
significantly weakened, Japan may well decide to go nuclear and it has the ability to do so very quickly. If Japan goes nuclear, South Korea has the capability to follow suit. It was the US that quashed such thoughts in Seoul during the 1970s, but they have never entirely disappeared and have recently resurfaced.  
 
China can do without these serious potential complications to an already complicated East Asian strategic equation. Once China acquires a credible second strike capability, an East Asian version of the question attributed to Charles de Gaulle must arise: will San Francisco be sacrificed to save Tokyo? It may well already be whispered in Kantei. It is not in China’s interest to encourage such questions to surface prematurely let alone be answered because the most probable answers will not be the answers Beijing wants. I am sure that China would like to reclaim something of its central historical role in East Asia from the US. But how much to reclaim and how to do so without provoking a response from Japan and South Korea is a matter of very fine judgement and the cost of mistakes would be extremely high. I think the Chinese leadership knows this. 
 
I chose the word ‘groping’ to describe the process of the US and China trying to reach a new modus vivendi with some care. The outcome of the strategic adjustments underway will not be determined by a deliberate process of negotiation; by American and Chinese leaders sitting around a table as Stalin, Roosevelt and Churchill did at Yalta as the Second World War drew to a close. That can only happen if there is some climactic denouement to the process and that is precisely what both sides are trying to avoid. I think that the outcome will instead be determined by the accumulation of  a slew of big and small diplomatic, political, military and economic decisions taken at all levels over a long period, probably decades. Many of these decisions will be ad hoc responses to situations or issues as they crop up and each decision may bear little or no obvious relationship to the overall strategic outcomes American and Chinese leaders seek, assuming that they know precisely what they want from each other, which is not to be taken for granted. It is not even to be taken for granted that there will ever be a definitive outcome. 
 
I stated at the beginning of this lecture that US-China relations are infused with strategic distrust. Such uncertainties are one cause of distrust. Interdependence may also enhance strategic distrust by exposing mutual vulnerabilities. All the more so because China’s rise has been psychologically unsettling to many in the West because in China, capitalism flourishes without democracy. This is regarded as somehow unnatural and illegitimate because it punctures the western myth of the universality of its political values and of the inevitability of the development of political forms similar to its own. Unlike the former Soviet Union, China cannot be dismissed as an economic failure and thus challenges in a very fundamental way the western sense of self which assumes its political and moral superiority as a key element.  
 
Of course in these politically correct times the western sense of its superiority is rarely, if ever, admitted and would be vehemently denied. But the attitudes and modes of thought ingrained during the two hundred years or so when first Europe and subsequently America shaped the basic structures, processes and concepts of international relations are not easily shaken off.  They linger in invidious perhaps even unconscious ways, camouflaged by talk of universality, the promotion of human rights and democracy and good governance. It is the basic mental framework within which the US views itself and the world, the foundation of which is the idea of America as moral exemplar and Shining City on the Hill. As I argued in my first lecture, the West misinterpreted the meaning of the end of the Cold War. This reinforced the assumption of superiority.  
   
 
I will deal with the Myth of Universality in my fourth lecture. For now, let me just note that this is not just an abstract intellectual matter.  The claim that certain political forms and values are universal was used to justify military interventions to change regimes in North Africa and the Middle East. All these interventions turned out very badly. They have resulted in greater instability in the region which have had global consequences and added to the general uncertainties of our times. But I do not think that there has been any fundamental change to the cast of mind that led to these 
disasters, even if some of the more extreme variants of the idea of universality such as the notion that History had ended are now smothered in an embarrassed silence. 
 
Attempts to change regimes in the Middle East and the bloody messes that resulted were closely watched by China and others in East Asia. Prudence has dictated that military intervention in the name of universality has been deployed only against the weak. This has tempered but not erased the doubts and anxieties that this approach has aroused in many countries, including China. Of course, no one is mad enough to subject China to kinetic intervention. But that is beside the point. Not all interventions are military and East Asia, Singapore included, has experienced more than our fair share of western attempts to interfere in our domestic affairs. It seems very hard for the white man to lay down his burden and forswear the habit of whipping the heathen along the path of righteousness, even when the effort is utterly ineffectual. 
 
 I laughed when I read about Lord Patten and British parliamentarians pontificating about democracy in Hong Kong during the ‘occupy central’ demonstrations. That only made the British look more hypocritical than usual. But when 20 American Senators wrote to President Obama on the same subject and when the President felt obliged to pronounce, however gingerly, on Hong Kong, that was no laughing matter. 
 
The US and China have had a number of senior level discussions on the ‘new type of major power relations’ that China has suggested. It has three broad elements. Both sides readily agree that they should try to minimize disagreements. They also readily agree that they should try to foster habits of cooperation. But the US has been unable to give clear endorsement to the third element that is perhaps the most important element to the Chinese: mutual respect for core interests. Why? There are indeed aspects of the concept of ‘core interest’ that need clarification. Is it for instance an invitation to create spheres of influence? But I think the US knows that preservation of CCP rule is the most vital of Chinese core interests and is reluctant to endorse this explicitly. The US deals with the CCP pragmatically; it has no choice. But to invest CCP rule with legitimacy requires a redefinition of American values, 
including a de facto abandonment of the idea of universality that is apparently too painful to bear. 
 
American leaders and officials often speak more to be heard domestically than internationally. There is often a large element of ritual in their invocations of the universality of democracy and human rights. But this idea is so essential a part of the American psyche that I do not think their words are always just posturing.  I think Chinese leaders suspect that this is so too. The words of great powers reverberate more loudly and widely than may be intended and American politicians do not sufficiently understand how their pronouncements may grate on foreign ears and have strategic consequences. Americans sometimes forget that domestic politics is not an American monopoly. The days when even the most powerful of Chinese leaders can entirely disregard the opinions of their own people or insulate them from inconvenient foreign pronouncements are long gone. 
 
This is a particularly delicate phase of China’s development. Beijing is now embarking on a second and more difficult stage of reform that in essence requires loosening the centre’s grip on crucial sectors of the economy while preserving CCP rule. Can it be done? One should certainly hope so because all the alternatives are worse. But no one really knows, including, I think, China’s leaders. China’s external confidence masks a deep internal insecurity. Social protests are widespread, their impact potentially magnified through the internet and social media. China has about 650 million internet users. The CCP has so far been able to prevent local protests from escalating into national threats.  Still, at a time when the CCP is grappling with such existential questions, it is understandable that Chinese leaders should regard American attitudes towards universality and incautious words on Hong Kong or Tibet or Xinjiang or Taiwan or other sensitive issues, with grave suspicion: as ultimately intended to destabilize and delegitimize the CCP; a complication to already complex problems. But there seems to be great reluctance by the US to confront this core issue. 
 
On their part, Chinese leaders and officials too do not seem to understand that their own attitudes can evoke distrust. If a new modus vivendi requires the US to acknowledge that different political systems can have their own legitimacy, it requires China to resist the temptations of triumphalist nationalism.  
 
With communism discredited as an ideology, the CCP is increasingly relying on nationalism to legitimate its rule. Chinese nationalism is sometimes disquieting, but the issue is not nationalism per se. The US is also a highly nationalistic country, although in America this is usually benignly portrayed as ‘patriotism’. The essential source of American and Chinese nationalism is a sense of exceptionalism; the US and China both consider themselves exceptional countries. But the conclusions they draw are different. America is an inclusive culture that wants everyone to become like it and believes that the world would be a better place if this were so. China has an exclusive culture that rejects the notion that anyone could become like China as impossibly pretentious. To China, the best others can do is humbly acknowledge China’s superiority and the sooner we do so the better for everyone.   
 
This is a very ancient and deeply ingrained feature of China’s approach to international relations. Throughout its history, China took great pains to preserve the forms of its centrality, at least in its own mind, even when the facts were otherwise. It never lost its sense of superiority even when powerless before the West and Japan.  Now that China has remerged as a major power, this sense of superiority has become the underlying cause of the difficulties in China’s relations with many countries.  The attitude that China is entitled to have its superiority acknowledged and that failure to do so can only be due to recalcitrance or ill-intention, is why I think China will always suffer a deficit in ‘soft power’ and evoke resentment. It is most pronounced in the case of Sino-Japanese relations. In June last year at a World Peace Forum organized by Tsinghua University, Foreign Minister Wang Yi bluntly told the audience that the key to improvement in Sino-Japanese relations was for Japan to accept China’s rise and change its “mentality”, by which he clearly meant accept a subordinate status.  
 
I do not think there is any country, Japan included, that would deny China’s rise as a geopolitical fact.  You would have to be living on another planet to do so. But the Chinese assumption that acknowledgment of this fact this should be accompanied by the normative acceptance of subordination within a natural hierarchy with China at its apex is an entirely different matter. No self-respecting country will readily accept this and it is perhaps more difficult for Japan than most countries. Seldom if ever in their long history of interactions have Japan and China had to deal with each other on the basis of equality and both find it very difficult to do so. Many public opinion surveys in Japan have shown that in the space of a relatively short time, China has gone from being one of the most popular countries to being the most unpopular country, surpassing even Russia in this respect, which is a remarkable failure of Chinese diplomacy. 
 
 This Chinese attitude is not confined to Japan.  Singapore has a very good relationship with China. But Chinese leaders and officials, despite our repeatedly correcting them, persistently refer to Singapore as a ‘Chinese country’ and say that we should therefore ‘understand’ them better, meaning of course that we more than other countries should know our position in life and show deference even at the cost of our own interests. It is not even confined to the Chinese attitude towards small countries – and almost every country is smaller than China – or to a country which just happens to have a majority Chinese ethnic population like ourselves. A few weeks ago I asked a Chinese scholar if he thought that the current state of China’s relations with Russia could be maintained. His immediate, almost Pavlovian, response was that it could, provided Russia accepted its status.  He obviously did not mean Russia as China’s equal. I thought this did not augur well for Sino-Russia relations. I think it is also a factor in Sino-India relations.  
 
Does this attitude contaminate US-China relations as well? Perhaps not at present. Some vague notion of equality seems implicit in the concept of a ‘new type of major power relations’. China has cautioned the US not to ‘embolden small countries’ and Chinese diplomats have on occasion warned that if China’s interests in the SCS are not recognised by ASEAN it will settle matters with the US without ASEAN. This also 
implies, if not equality, at least that China regards the US as being on a different level than other countries. If and when China overtakes the US as the world’s largest economy, the psychological framework within which China now approaches the US might change. I do not think it makes much substantive difference if an economy is ranked first or second as both will still be hugely influential. But Chinese confidence will certainly get a boost. The line between confidence and over-confidence is a thin one. It is always dangerous to believe one’s own propaganda because that is when miscalculations often occur.  
 
In East Asia, the assumption of Chinese centrality and superiority is particularly difficult to accept because it seems to encompass a strong element of Revanchism. This is not the same thing as revisionism but still causes anxiety. Almost exactly two years ago, President Xi Jinping met Lien Chan, the former Taiwanese Vice-President in China. In a speech that The People’s Daily published on its front page under the title “The Chinese Dream to Fulfil the Great Rejuvenation of the Chinese People Together”, President Xi placed the ‘Great Rejuvenation’ – a phrase he also used in his opening speech when he met Ma Ying-jeou in Singapore last year --- in the historical context of how Taiwan had been occupied by foreign powers when the Chinese nation was weak.  
 
Reconciliation between China and Taiwan is of course to be welcomed. Every country in East Asia recognises the PRC as ‘One China’. But by casting the ‘Chinese Dream’ of reconciliation with Taiwan as an instance of the rectification of historical injustices inflicted upon a weak China, it suggested and left open broader questions. There is no doubt that China suffered many injustices in the 19th century and first half of the 20th century. Does a rising China intend to rectify all these historical injustices? If not, how will it choose which injustices to rectify?  By what means does China intend to rectify historical injustices? 
 
The anxieties are accentuated because China seems to be increasingly relying on history to justify its claims of sovereignty in the SCS and elsewhere. China has such a long history that it can be used to justify almost anything and China has a tradition 
of manipulating history as a tool of statecraft. Japan again provides the most vivid recent example of this aspect of Chinese nationalism, although the US and the West in general have not been spared. The CCP has described itself as, to quote former President Jiang Zemin, the “finest and most thoroughgoing patriot” which had redeemed China after ‘a hundred years of humiliation’. The Chinese public has been subjected to a steady drumbeat of various reminders of Japanese atrocities in China to fan and keep alive bitter memories of the Second World War and the CCP’s role in defeating Japan, particularly during last year’s celebration of the 70th anniversary of the end of the war.  
 
But it was not always so. Consider, for example, this statement: “As you have formally apologised for the debts you incurred in the past, it is not reasonable to ask you for payments of those debts. You cannot be asked to apologise every day, can you? It is not good for a nation to feel constantly guilty …”  
 
This is not some right-wing Japanese politician trying to justify Japan’s wartime record. It is a statement by Chairman Mao himself to a delegation of the Japanese Diet only a decade after the end of World War Two. And when Mao Zedong met former Japanese Prime Minister Kakuei Tanaka in 1972, he brushed aside Tanaka’s attempts to apologise, saying that he was grateful to Japan because without the war the CCP would not been able to seize power. Under Mao, the CCP’s primary claim to legitimacy was class struggle. The CCP then emphasized its defeat of the KMT as representative of the old order it overthrew. But once China began to embrace the market economy and particularly after 2002 when businessmen working in private enterprises – in other words, ‘capitalists’ – were allowed to join the CCP, class struggle lost credibility as a means of legitimating CCP rule and the emphasis shifted to the CCP’s defeat of Japan. Incidentally, it was the KMT not the CCP that bore the brunt of the fighting against Japan. 
 
Such manipulations of history and the narrative of China as a victim are not costless to China and carry risks. A great power cannot forever portray itself as a victim without calling its intentions into question. Chinese diplomacy is characterized by a 
passive-aggressiveness which is the corollary of the portrayal of China as victim.  The classic, indeed clichéd but alas still used, illustration of this tactic is the accusation that for one reason or another someone has ‘hurt the feelings of 1.3 billion people’. This aims to simultaneously make you feel bad – you must be a truly obnoxious human being to hurt the feelings of so many people -- and is a not-so-subtle warning about getting on the wrong side of a big country. Chinese diplomats also whine about ASEAN ‘bullying’ China or ‘ganging up’ against China.  All ten members of ASEAN combined are smaller than China. This absurd complaint is in effect a threat.  It sets up a false dilemma as if ASEAN’s only choice is to agree with China or be against China and the obvious insinuation is that this would be unwise. Such tactics raise doubts about the kind of partnership China really wants with ASEAN and are not in China’s own interest. But Chinese diplomats do not seem to care, perhaps because some ASEAN members do succumb to this tactic. 
 
But what China should not ignore is how the narrative of the CCP as the champion and redeemer of a victimised China could dangerously narrow China’s options if an accident with the US or Japan should occur.  I had said earlier that the military risk is conflict by accident not war by design. War is not in China’s interest, and China may for all the reasons I have earlier set out, want to contain any incident. But Beijing could be trapped by its own historical narrative and the highly nationalistic public opinion that the CCP both cultivates and fears, may force Beijing down paths it does not really want to travel. 
 
Let me conclude this evening’s lecture with a final point on US-China relations. After news broke a few days ago of China’s deployment of surface-to-air missiles on a disputed island in the Paracels, President Obama criticised the action as “ … China resorting to the old style of might makes right, as opposed to working through international law and international norms to establish claims, and to resolve disputes.”  I entirely agree.  But the use of the phrase “old style” also brought to mind Secretary of State Kerry’s characterization almost two years ago of Russian actions in Ukraine as “… 19th century behaviour in the 21st century”.   
 
Both statements seemed to me to miss a fundamental point about diplomacy and statecraft. A century is not merely a unit of time but also a political construct. It is pointless merely to complain about a competitor operating on the basis of a different political construct. Why assume that everyone necessarily operates within the same frame as oneself? That could lead to being ambushed by events. One of the basic functions of diplomacy is to see the world through your competitors’ eyes in order to understand the frame of reference he is operating within, and thereafter one of the basic purposes of statecraft to use what means are available and appropriate to manoeuvre him into your preferred frame of reference or if this is not possible, to operate within the same frame in order to achieve your purposes.  
 
A stable modus vivendi can only be reached if all parties are operating within the same frame of reference. Are the US and China operating within the same frame of reference? I think they do substantially but not entirely and therefrom arises the complexity and risks of the relationship. Can they be brought within a common framework?  That is not yet clear. Time will tell. But I do sometimes wonder whether the eventual answer, if there is an answer, may not prove more challenging than the question.  
 
Ladies & gentlemen, I have spoken for far too long and only scratched the surface of US-China relations. I hope I have nevertheless succeeded in setting out in broad outline the parameters of that relationship and some of the basic issues involved. I do not think any of them will be resolved anytime soon if ever. Still, I am not pessimistic about US-China relations because, as I have stressed, both countries are pragmatic, prudent and understand the importance of and want a stable relationship. Neither is looking for trouble and the issues between them, while difficult and complicated, can be managed. What it does mean is that while the US and China grope towards a new modus vivendi, the rest of us will have to navigate a prolonged period of more than usual uncertainty and stress. In my next lecture I will examine what this means for Southeast Asia and ASEAN. Thank you for your patience in listening to me this evening.   

The first two lectures in this series dealt with broad trends. This lecture will examine how those trends are playing out in Southeast Asia and analyse the impact of US- China competition on ASEAN, the organisation’s ability to cope with the resulting pressures, and some of the factors underlying the day-to-day clamour over disputes in the South China Sea (SCS) which have emerged as something of a proxy for the larger strategic adjustments that are playing out between the US and China across East Asia. Since I am going to be cutting close to the bone of our own region, I ought to make explicit what should already have been obvious to all but the most determinedly obtuse: in this entire series of lectures I am speaking for no one but myself. 
 
In my last lecture I argued that the chief priorities of both the US and China are internal and both therefore want to avoid war or serious conflict as they seek a new modus vivendi with each other. At the same time neither will cease to pursue their interests. On a global scale, China is not a clearly revisionist power. But Beijing wants to reclaim something of its historical centrality in East Asia. The US has emphasised that it intends to remain an East Asian power. The strategic challenge for China is therefore how to shift the US from the very centre of the East Asian strategic equation and occupy that space, but without provoking responses from the US and Japan that could jeopardise Chinese Communist Party (CCP) rule. For the US the strategic challenge is how to accommodate China, while reassuring friends and allies that it intends to hold its position without stumbling into conflict. 
 
The SCS is not the only issue in US-China relations; it is perhaps not even the most important issue in their relationship. But the SCS is today the issue where the parameters of US-China competition and their interests are most clearly defined. Like it or not, the region will draw conclusions about American resolve and Chinese intentions from the SCS issue which will also shape perceptions of ASEAN. 
 
Continental Asia shades into mainland Southeast Asia which in turn dribbles into archipelagic Southeast Asia, the islands of which are strung along crucial sea-routes linking the Pacific and Indian Oceans. India and China have both profoundly influenced Southeast Asia, but in recent history, the latter more than the former. The notion of China as a nation-state with defined borders is relatively new. Throughout its long history, “China” has meant different things at different times.  What is now Yunnan in Southwest China was perhaps only firmly considered Chinese in the late Qing dynasty. More often than not, power and control ebbed and flowed without consideration for what are now national boundaries. China’s border with Myanmar was not definitively demarcated until 1960; its land borders with Laos and Vietnam not until 1991 and 1999 respectively; and the trijunction between Laos, China and Vietnam not until 2006. 

Borderlands and strategic sea-routes are always contested, US-China competition is only the most recent manifestation. The interests of major powers have always intersected in Southeast Asia which was once dubbed “the Balkans of Asia”. In the 
19th century, failure to manage the resulting pressures led to colonial rule. Thailand remained independent as much due to luck and the need of the colonial powers for a buffer state, as it was due to Thai diplomatic adroitness. In Indochina, nationalist independence  struggles  became  entangled  with  Cold  War  rivalries  which  in Southeast Asia were far from cold. In 1967, this historical backdrop was vivid in the strategic consciousness of the newly independent states of Southeast Asia. A major factor leading to the formation of ASEAN was the common interest of the non- communist states of Southeast Asia, all of whom faced threats from externally supported communist insurgencies, in preserving maximum autonomy in the midst of major power competition. Whatever our other differences, and they were great, we realised if we did not hang together we would hang separately. 
 
ASEAN is a mechanism for managing external pressures and preserving the autonomy of its members by ensuring at least a modicum of cohesion, order and civility in our relationships in a region where none of this was to be taken for granted. The Cold War is of course long over. But this remains ASEAN’s fundamental and enduring purpose.  ASEAN’s declared goal of establishing a “Community” across the three pillars of political and security cooperation, economic integration and socio- cultural cooperation are in a sense as important as means towards this fundamental end as they are ends in themselves. 
 
Southeast Asia is an extremely diverse region. Diversity simultaneously makes regional cooperation both very necessary and very difficult to achieve. ASEAN is an inter-state organisation which must work by reconciling national interests. The diversities of Southeast Asia are moreover not just of political systems or levels of economic development. Such differences could, at least in principle, converge. The key diversities of Southeast Asia are visceral differences of race, language and religion which define core identities and shape the domestic politics of ASEAN member states. They inevitably colour their calculations of national interest and inter- state relations. It not easy to imagine such primordial factors ever being erased. The potential nexus between the domestic politics of ASEAN member states, intra- ASEAN relations and the interests of external powers in ASEAN is thus a possibility that can never be discounted and must be continually managed. The dangers of such a nexus were underscored by the 1963 -1966 Konfrontasi, an undeclared war waged by Sukarno’s Indonesia against Malaysia and Singapore. Konfrontasi was driven by Indonesian domestic politics, the dynamics of which led Sukarno to toy with a Beijing-Jakarta “Axis” as a counter to western forces. This was averted by a failed communist coup in Indonesia, the bloody aftermath of which quickly took on anti-Chinese overtones. Of course the region today presents a very different environment, thanks in no small part to ASEAN.  But the general challenge of managing diversity has not gone away. I doubt it ever will. 
 
ASEAN therefore must, and can only, work by consensus and despite the Charter that came into force in 2008, largely informally. Any other mode of decision-making risks rupture with unpredictable consequences. The basic consensus on which ASEAN rests is a consensus on always having a consensus: even if it is only a consensus on goals that we know full well cannot be realised or can only be partially realised. Its corollary is the principle of non-interference in the internal affairs of other members. Better to agree only on a form of words or set aside areas where consensus  cannot  be  reached  or  avert  our  eyes  from  the  disagreeable,  than disagree openly because who knows where disagreement may lead us? The downside of working by consensus — the unavoidable price we pay for having any sort of regional mechanism — is an unfortunate tendency to privilege form over substance which all too often morphs into self-delusion and wishful thinking. 
 
Nowhere is this clearer than in ASEAN’s approach towards regional security. Since 1971, ASEAN has been formally committed to establishing a Zone of Peace, Freedom and Neutrality (ZOPFAN) in Southeast Asia. ZOPFAN was based on the superficially attractive but entirely delusionary notion that regional security could best be secured by excluding the major powers from the affairs of Southeast Asia. Inconvenient questions such as how the major powers could be persuaded to show such forbearance and what to do if they refused were ignored. Curiously, ZOPFAN enthusiasts apparently failed to notice that at least one major power, China, is geographically contiguous to Southeast Asia, cannot therefore be excluded from the region,  and  in  1971  was  still  actively  supporting  communist  insurgencies  in Southeast Asia as well as the war in Vietnam. 
 
ZOPFAN sat uneasily with the demands of the Cold War which made simplistic notions of neutrality or non-alignment dangerous, as Sihanouk’s Cambodia and Souvanna Phouma’s Laos discovered at grievous cost. The Cold War instead impelled a search for balance. Not “balance” necessarily directed against one major power or another, but balance conceived of as a state of major power equilibrium that would enable ASEAN members to positively engage all major powers without getting  embroiled  in  their  quarrels.  Neutrality  or  non-alignment  could  be  safely pursued only within such equilibrium. Conditions that facilitate equilibrium cannot be established by simply lying low and hoping for the best. An ostrich thinks it is safe; but head in ground and rear in air is a posture that only invites trouble. Facilitating equilibrium requires taking a positive stand on sometimes sensitive issues. This is true for formal US treaty allies like the Philippines and Thailand, as it is for Singapore which  was  and  remains  formally  non-aligned  but  maintains  close  defence  and security ties with the US and, prior to its withdrawal east of Suez, with the UK which maintained military bases in Singapore as part of the American-led global security system. So vital were these ties that Singapore’s first Foreign Minister, the late S. Rajaratnam, almost walked out of the 1967 Bangkok meeting discussing the establishment of ASEAN before an eleventh hour compromise was reached by declaring that foreign bases in Southeast Asia were “temporary”. 
  
The ASEAN members who supported ZOPFAN either found some obscure satisfaction in striking virtuous postures while hitching a free-ride, or had other reasons for doing so. For Singapore the most crucial “balance” was not against communism  or  any  major  power,  but  the  balance  which  supplements  our  own national efforts to maintain deterrence in our immediate neighbourhood and keeps our neighbours honest. ZOPFAN was in line with Indonesia’s preference for conditions that would facilitate “regional solutions to regional problems” which is to be understood as Indonesian solutions. Indonesia seems to believe that its size entitles it to a privileged position in major power calculations. To some extent this may be true, but only to a far lesser extent than Jakarta fondly believes. The major powers are happy, for their own reasons, to nurture the illusion. 
 
The formation of the ASEAN Regional Forum (ARF) in 1994 marked a significant, if ill-understood, shift of security concept away from ZOPFAN. The ARF has often been derided as a talk-shop. The criticism is not unjustified, but also beside the point. ZOPFAN regarded the major powers as illegitimate intrusions into Southeast Asia, at best tolerated as a necessary evil but not encouraged. This sometimes placed Singapore in an awkward position. So long as ZOPFAN with its implicit premise that regional problems should be dealt with only by regional states remained the only official ASEAN security concept, it gave our neighbours a political lever to use if they wished to pressure us for whatever reason. This was manageable but a distraction and an unnecessary irritant in already complicated bilateral relationships. 
 
The ARF is a forum explicitly dedicated to discussions on regional security, created by the sovereign choice of all ASEAN members who have, again by their sovereign choice, invited all the major powers to discuss regional security and other issues affecting Southeast Asia.  Whether anyone realised it or not, this was a shift from ZOPFAN. The fundamental purpose of the ARF is to entrench this shift in how regional security is conceptualised and to encourage and legitimise the interest of major powers in Southeast Asian security. After ARF, who can now reasonably or credibly argue that the major powers have no legitimate interest in the security of Southeast Asia? 
 
It has had some effect. In 1990, when Singapore concluded a Memorandum of Understanding with the US for very limited use of our facilities by a small logistics unit of the 7th Fleet, our neighbours reacted with an outrage worthy of nuns who have discovered a pimp in their cloister. That the outrage was hypocritical — our neighbours too had their own quiet defence ties with the US — did not make it any less of a nuisance. But in 2005, when Singapore and the US signed a Strategic Framework Agreement that was far wider in scope than the 1990 MOU, there was nary a whimper. The same was true of the enhanced bilateral Defence Cooperation Agreement with the US announced in 2015. The broadening of ASEAN’s concept of regional security also opened the way for the participation of major powers in other ASEAN-led forums such as the East Asia Summit (EAS) as well as the ASEAN Defence Ministers Meeting Plus (ADMM-Plus). 
 
I do not want to claim too much for the ARF. Clearly there were other and perhaps more important reasons for the change of attitude, Chinese behaviour and internal political changes in our neighbours among them. In any case, the shift towards a more realistic concept of regional security is incomplete.   ASEAN wasted an inordinate amount of time negotiating the 1995 treaty establishing a Southeast Asian Nuclear  Weapon  Free  Zone  (SEANWFZ).  SEANWFZ  is  supposed  to  be  a component of ZOPFAN. It came into force in 1997. 
  
All NWFZs provide only false comfort: the security assurances they provide are useless  because  under  any  circumstance  when  the  use  of  nuclear  weapons becomes probable, any treaty will be just a piece of paper. These make-believe games of arms control give those inclined to play them only the sensation of being involved in grave matters of war and peace. They are harmless so long as they are not taken too seriously and nothing vital is compromised. The SEANWFZ Treaty was concluded only after difficult and protracted negotiations reached agreement on Article 7 of the treaty, which allows visits to and transits through Southeast Asia by foreign naval vessels and military aircraft. The understanding is that we will not ask if any are carrying nuclear weapons and will not be told if we are foolish enough to ask. Three Nuclear Weapons States (NWS) – the UK, France and Russia – have made acceptance of reservations a condition for their accession to SEANWFZ even though the Treaty explicitly forbids reservations. This was entirely predictable. If the US and China have as yet made no reservations, it is undoubtedly because the other three NWS have done their dirty work for them. One Russian reservation gives Moscow the right to unilaterally determine if any ASEAN member is in breach of SEANWFZ. This effectively abrogates Article 7 and sets a very undesirable precedent. If ASEAN accepts the reservation, it could one day be used to pressure us to object to the US presence. Indonesia and a few other ASEAN members are keen to have the NWS sign on, seemingly believing that the accession of the NWS even with reservations that could undermine the regional balance, somehow demonstrates ASEAN’s “centrality”. Was this an attempt to keep alive the essential idea behind ZOPFAN? Perhaps. But the penchant to privilege form and regard ASEAN diplomacy as a type of psychotherapy designed to promote self-esteem rather than advance interests was clearly also at play. 
 
I have emphasised these hard truths about ASEAN because 49 years after its formation, they are still not sufficiently understood. I do not mean to suggest that ASEAN is useless. Far from it. There has been no war between its members. We have so far leveraged on our relationships with major powers to our advantage, while avoiding becoming embroiled in their conflicts. These are not insignificant achievements. They are the foundation of the region’s growth and development. None of this was to be taken for granted given the parlous state of Southeast Asia in 
1967. 
  
ASEAN strengths and weaknesses are two sides of a single coin. Suharto’s Indonesia, in contrast to Sukarno’s Indonesia, accepted decision-making by consensus. This was a crucial factor that enabled ASEAN to survive where earlier attempts at regional organisation failed. The weaknesses did not matter too much as long as the international structure was clear. There was never much doubt about how the original five non-communist ASEAN members, joined by Brunei after 1984, should position ourselves within the Cold War structure. During the Cold War, China was a de facto member of the US led anti-Soviet alliance and made common cause with ASEAN against the Soviet-backed Vietnamese occupation of Cambodia. In the SCS, China fought South Vietnam over the Paracels in 1974 and fought a unified Vietnam in the Spratlys in 1988, but neither incident really concerned ASEAN very much. Maintaining ASEAN unity and working with China to respond to Vietnam’s invasion of Cambodia, which seemed the first step to realising Hanoi’s boast that it intended to bring “genuine independence” to all of Southeast Asia, were more immediate concerns.  Even if some eyebrows were quietly raised at China’s actions in the SCS and over its 1979 “lesson” to Vietnam, differences could be set aside for another day. 
  
But once the clarity of the Cold War structure began to blur in the late 1980s, ASEAN unity loosened. Indonesia regarded itself as a privileged interlocutor with Vietnam and opened direct negotiations with Hanoi on a Cambodia settlement, barely paying lip-service to the common ASEAN position. After the Cold War, ASEAN’s limitations have become more salient. ASEAN’s expansion to include all 10 states of Southeast Asia has made arriving at consensus more difficult. There was greater room for debate and disagreement over how to position an expanded ASEAN vis-à-vis China and the US; less incentive to reconcile national interests with regional interests. If ASEAN’s resistance to the Vietnamese occupation of Cambodia was the apotheosis of ASEAN’s regional security role, the unprecedented failure of the 45th ASEAN Foreign Minister’s Meeting in 2012 to issue a Joint Statement — due to the stubborn refusal of the Cambodian Chair to consider any text on the SCS that might in the slightest way offend Cambodia’s Chinese patron  — was surely ASEAN’s nadir. Prime Minister Hun Sen subsequently described Cambodia’s support for China as a “strategic choice”. 
  
Since the fiasco in Cambodia, ASEAN has managed to cobble together statements of principle on the SCS.  Statements are useful but only in a limited way. They represent  the  lowest  common  denominator  of  consensus  but  do  not  erase substantive differences of interest, modify behaviour or change facts on the ground. 

The SCS disputes place ASEAN in the midst of US-China competition. The US and China as well as other major powers acknowledge “ASEAN Centrality” and certainly give the appearance of courting ASEAN. I have lost count of the number of ASEAN- China Summits and other high level meetings with China. The US has held five Leaders-level meetings with ASEAN, of which the Sunnylands meeting in February this year is the latest and first standalone Summit. The US and China both now describe their relationship with ASEAN as “strategic”; the adjective lacks precise definition but is clearly intended to make us feel important. Since 2013, China’s “2+7 
Cooperation Framework” has served as an ambitious and very generous blueprint for developing relations with ASEAN. The US is more strapped for cash than China but has done what it can to pony up as well. 
  
Before  our  heads  are  completely  turned  by  the  flowers  and  candy  and  public displays of affection, the reality of our situation will be clear if we remind ourselves that before “ASEAN Centrality” became our term of choice, we used to speak of “ASEAN being in the driver’s seat”. The person in the driver’s seat is sometimes only the chauffeur. We should not allow the mantra of “ASEAN Centrality” to mesmerise us into believing that we are in full control. The US and China use ASEAN-led multilateral forums as a secondary means of engaging each other. Their most important interactions are always going to be bilateral. It is of course nevertheless in our interest to encourage the US and China to participate in ASEAN forums. This gives us at least a soupcon of influence where we would otherwise have none. But it would be prudent not to forget that ASEAN is as much an arena as an actor and that ASEAN-led forums work best only when they do not work too well. The major powers then find them occasionally useful to advance their interests but are assured that they cannot frustrate their most vital designs. If any ASEAN process looks like becoming  inconveniently  effective,  the  major  powers  will  not  hesitate  to  divide ASEAN as China did in 2012. 
 
The most important factor in ASEAN-China relations is the obvious disparity of size and power. Small countries destined by geography to live on the periphery of big countries are always going to experience a degree of anxiety. Big countries have a responsibility to reassure which China has only partially fulfilled. This is not for want of  trying  or  lack  of  instruments.  Trade  and  investments  are  not  just  mutually beneficial commercial transactions but also juicy diplomatic carrots that Chinese  diplomats dangle before ASEAN.  Aid is a diplomatic tool that China has lavishly deployed, particularly in mainland Southeast Asia. Several ASEAN countries have readily accepted Chinese largesse and naturally it would be foolish for any country to scorn the economic opportunities that China offers. Taken in totality, ASEAN-China relations are positive. But how a big country deals with small countries over sovereignty disputes will always cast the darkest shadows over relations because the possibility of securing sovereignty by superior force can never be discounted and China has not shied away from doing so. 
 
It would be tedious to recount every instance of China’s use of force or unilateral assertions of sovereignty backed by the threat of force in the SCS. In 2012, China established Sansha City under Hainan Province with jurisdiction over the disputed Paracels and Spratlys Islands as well as Macclesfield Bank. The following year it promulgated the Hainan Fishing Regulations which was an assertion of domestic law over contested areas. China has since become more aggressive in enforcing what it considers its domestic rights in the SCS. Since 2013 China has begun an ambitious programme of land reclamation in the SCS, has constructed various kinds of structures on the new artificial islands and deployed military assets on some of them. China has argued that it was not the first to reclaim land or deploy military assets in the SCS. This may be true but is irrelevant. The speed and scope of China’s reclamation dwarfs anything any other claimant has done and the actions of a major power will always convey a different signature than that of small countries. China’s argument that the infrastructure it has built is a common good for the benefit of all users of the SCS hardly seems intended to be believed. 
 
China continues to engage ASEAN on a Code of Conduct (COC) for the SCS but in a barely convincing way. Progress has been glacial and Chinese diplomats often hold discussions on the COC hostage to ASEAN refraining from taking positions on the SCS that displease China. On occasion, Chinese diplomats even seem to have perversely gone out of their way to accentuate rather than assuage anxieties. Once, after our Prime Minister spoke on the SCS at an ASEAN Summit, a senior Chinese diplomat told one of my younger colleagues that “silence is golden”. If he meant to suggest that we were not entitled to a view on an important issue that affects our interests, he only undermined the credibility of China’s claim to “peaceful development”. This was not an isolated incident nor has Singapore been particularly singled out. China routinely attempts to pressure ASEAN members, with varying degrees of success, not to raise the SCS in ASEAN-led forums or not to support other countries who do so. 
 
The general attitude that such attempts illustrate is not confined to the SCS issue but sometimes is on display even in seemingly trivial matters. Some years before I retired, one of my counterparts from an ASEAN country that was then holding the ASEAN Chair told me that the Chinese Ambassador to his country had forced him to shift an ASEAN leader attending a Summit out of a hotel that had already been allocated to that ASEAN delegation, so that then-Premier Wen Jiabao could stay there. The Ambassador insisted on this although the hotel allocated to Premier Wen was of equal quality. Did Premier Wen know where he was staying? Would he have cared if he had known? But the episode certainly left a deep impression on my counterpart and no doubt on the ASEAN delegation that was forced to move as well. 
 
I could go on recounting similar stories. Every ASEAN diplomat who has dealt with China has a fund of such anecdotes. But I think I have said enough to make the point. Chinese diplomats often profess bewilderment that China’s generosity towards ASEAN has not evoked gratitude or assuaged mistrust and pretend to ascribe this to malignant external influences. I do not think that Chinese diplomats are more inept or disingenuous than the diplomats of other countries. Their behaviour is, I think, better understood as illustrating the passive-aggressive style and the positing of false dilemmas  to  force  acceptance  of  China’s  inherent  superiority  as  the  natural normative order of East Asian international relations — or at least Southeast Asian international relations because I doubt that Japan will ever accept the Chinese notion  of regional order — that I described as characteristic of Chinese diplomacy in my last lecture. 
 
Chinese  diplomacy  constantly  hammers  home  the  idea  that  if  bilateral  ties  or ASEAN-China relations suffer because ASEAN stubbornly insists on speaking up on the SCS even when our mouths are stuffed with delicious Chinese cake, or because the Chinese Premier has to stay in one hotel rather than another, or if some date they propose for a meeting cannot be agreed because it is inconvenient for ASEAN, it is our fault and ours alone. China does not merely want consideration of its interests. China expects deference to its interests to be internalised by ASEAN members as a mode of thought; as not just a correct calculation of ASEAN interests vis-à-vis China but “correct thinking” which leads to “correct behaviour”. Foreign policy calculations are subject to continual revision; correct thinking is a permanent part of the sub-conscious. This differentiates Chinese diplomacy from the diplomacy of other major powers and represents a melding of Westphalian diplomatic practice with ancient Chinese statecraft. The very triviality of the behaviour China sometimes tries to impose underscores the cast of mind it seeks to embed in ASEAN through an almost Pavlovian process of conditioning. It does not always work. It can be counterproductive. But it works often enough and well enough with at least some ASEAN members for China to persist. 
 
Edward Luttwak has written of what he termed China’s “great power autism”. This is probably true but not peculiar to China — all great powers are to some degree “autistic” where their interests are concerned — but this is an inadequate explanation if “autism” implies lack of awareness. China is certainly aware of the cost of its actions. Significantly the first “2” in the “2+7 Framework” China set up for ASEAN- China relations is “deepening strategic mutual trust” which acknowledges the existence of a trust deficit. President Xi Jinping himself has emphasised the need to “increase mutual trust” with Southeast Asia, among other occasions in his speech at this university last year. This again suggests that he knows that the present level of trust is inadequate. 
 
ASEAN has begun to push back against China’s assertiveness. Some ASEAN claimants including Vietnam have moved closer to the US and Japan to balance China.  At its last Summit with ASEAN, two out of three of China’s proposals — the cookies that China regularly doles out at such events — failed to gain acceptance and one was accepted only after delay. Indonesia, a non-claimant state, has expressed concern over the impact of China’s claims on its Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ) in the Natunas and signalled its intention to deploy some of its most advanced military assets there. But whatever their concerns, there is a limit to which an ASEAN member can tilt towards the US. 
 
No one can ignore or shun China. Vietnam is the prime example. Quite apart from the SCS disputes, Vietnam has a long and troubled history with China, but a senior Vietnamese official once told me, “Every Vietnamese leader must be able to stand up to China and get along with China. If anyone thinks this cannot be done at the same time, he doesn’t deserve to be a leader”. That China and Vietnam are two out of only five remaining communist systems is an additional link.  The current muddle in Malaysia over whether or not Chinese vessels had intruded into its waters – one Minister said yes but another contradicted him – perhaps illustrates the multiple and contradictory forces at play in ASEAN. In any case, whatever costs in relations with ASEAN that China may have to pay for its assertiveness in the SCS may not be considered unbearably high by Beijing as compared to the interests at stake. 
 
What are those interests? I doubt that control over resources of any kind figures very prominently in China’s calculations on the SCS. Resources could be shared without prejudice to claims of sovereignty as China has itself suggested, although its own actions  do   not  make   any  such   agreement   likely  in  the   immediate  future. 
  
We can dismiss too the possibility that China is trying to strengthen its legal case. China does not even acknowledge that many areas contested by ASEAN claimants are in dispute. In his Singapore lecture, President Xi categorically asserted that “The South  China  Sea  islands  have  been  China’s  territory  since  ancient  times.” Uncertainty over what China’s “9-dash line” signifies has added to regional and international concerns. But China has said that it will not recognise the decisions of the Arbitral Tribunal on the case the Philippines brought against it under UNCLOS even though that would at least clarify the legal status of the “9-dash line”. Chinese diplomats have on occasion even argued that it is not in ASEAN’s interest that China should clarify its claims. I do not think that China considers the SCS disputes a legal matter, although it has on occasion employed the vocabulary of international law in support of its position. But that is not the same thing as recognising a legal dispute and it has not been consistent in doing so. As I pointed out in the last lecture, China has recently relied more on history to justify its claims. 
 
Military planners must prepare for all contingencies but I doubt that China’s actions in the SCS are primarily intended to gain military advantage vis-à-vis the US. In the event of a war with the US, the artificial islands and the military assets on them will be vaporised within minutes and will not affect the outcome in any significant way. In any case, as I argued in my last lecture, war between the US and China is highly improbable.  Beijing  has  carefully  kept  each  of  its  actions  in  the  SCS  below  a threshold  that  would  compel  even  the  most  reluctant  of  US  administrations  to respond kinetically. The US has made clear that while its alliance with Japan covers disputed islands in the East China Sea, the same does not apply to its alliance with the Philippines and disputed territories in the SCS. War in support of America’s principal East Asian ally, Japan, is credible even if unlikely; war over tiny islands, reefs and atolls would be absurd. 
 
Even in scenarios short of war, I doubt that China really considers the deployment of military assets on these artificial islands a serious deterrent to freedom of navigation operations of the kind the US conducted last year and earlier this year. The US may become a little more cautious — it has never been reckless — but it will not stop operating in the SCS. Military assets that are unlikely to be used are at best a weak deterrent. If for example the People’s Liberation Army sinks a US naval vessel or shoots down a US military aircraft, the US will certainly retaliate. This will confront the Chinese leadership with a very invidious choice: a token or ineffectual response will expose the hollowness of the CCP’s legitimating narrative of having led the “Great Rejuvenation” of China which will at least complicate if not jeopardise the CCP’s hold on power; but escalation risks being forced to follow the highly jingoistic Chinese public opinion the CCP has cultivated down a path that Beijing does not really want to travel because it leads to the same outcome as the first choice. The Chinese leadership will strenuously avoid being placed in such a situation. 
 
China’s use of history to legitimate CCP rule and justify sovereignty claims gets us, I think, to the crux of the matter. For the past century the legitimacy of any Chinese government has depended on its ability to defend China’s sovereignty and preserve its borders. But what are those borders? Can the CCP meekly accept the borders imposed on a weak China that has now, to use Mao Zedong’s phrase, “stood up” under communist leadership? China is not reckless but the CCP must at least give the appearance of recovering lost territory. Revanchism is an intrinsic part of the story of China’s “Great Rejuvenation”. 
 
The lands lost to a weak China include what are now parts of Siberia and the Russian Far East, Mongolia, Hong Kong and Macau, Taiwan as well as the Paracels and Spratlys in the SCS. Siberia and the Russian Far East and Mongolia are now beyond recovery. Hong Kong and Macau reverted to Beijing’s rule almost 20 years ago. The US has made clear it will not support independence for Taiwan. Without US support, independence is impossible. With that core concern assuaged, Beijing can multiply the economic threads binding Taiwan to the mainland and bide its time, confident that irrespective of internal changes and how the people of Taiwan regard themselves, Taiwan’s long-term trajectory cannot run counter to China’s interest. Changing the status quo is not an immediate possibility but is no longer an urgent issue, although China still eyes Taiwan’s Democratic Progressive Party distrustfully and will never entirely forgo the option of forceful reunification. 
 
That leaves the SCS territories to put some credible shreds of meat on the bare bones of the CCP’s version of history as it navigates a second and more difficult phase  of  reforms  and  tries  to  manage  social  and  labour  unrest  at  a  time  of moderating growth and a future when slower growth will be China’s “new normal”. The very insignificance of the territories in dispute in the SCS may well be part of their attraction to Beijing for this essentially domestic political purpose. The costs and consequences of chest-thumping and acting tough in the SCS are minimal. Deterrence or its lack works both ways. If the Chinese cannot deter the US from operating in the SCS because the risks of doing so are too high to be credible, by the same token neither can the US deter or reverse Chinese activities in the SCS. China is not going to dig up the artificial islands it has constructed and throw the sand back into the sea or give up what it says was Chinese territory since “ancient times”. Critical statements by the US, Europe or other countries from around the world calling on China to respect international law — even Botswana has issued a statement on the SCS — can be brushed aside. On the SCS the only opinion that really matters to the CCP is that of its own people. In the SCS, the CCP can declare victory without taking unacceptable risks. 
 
It was also no accident that the deployment of surface-to-air missiles on Woody Island in the Paracels was revealed shortly after the conclusion of the US-ASEAN Sunnylands Summit. While the artificial islands are inconsequential in military terms, they are a potent reminder to ASEAN that China is a geographic fact whereas the US presence in the SCS is the consequence of a geopolitical calculation. This is an idea that China never tires of seeding in ways subtle or direct. The implications of this idea should not be exaggerated; nor can they be shrugged off as entirely invalid either. Until relatively recently, the US took a somewhat hands-off approach to disputes in the SCS. When China first clashed with ASEAN over Mischief Reef in 
1995, it took some persuading to get the US to declare a position of principle. Moreover, it is I think, a geopolitical calculation that, despite all the media hullabaloo and tough talk including by the President himself, engages no US interest that is fundamentally irreconcilable with Chinese interests. 
 
American and Chinese interests are not symmetrical. The SCS is more important to China than to the US. If I am correct that the SCS issue is ultimately connected to the legitimacy of CCP rule, it is an existential issue for China; a “core interest” although China now denies it has applied that term to the SCS, no doubt in order to avoid unduly exciting us natives. The US takes no position on the merits of the various claims of sovereignty but defines its interests in terms of upholding international law and Freedom of Navigation (FON). These are important interests but not on the same level as the basic underlying Chinese interest. FON and the integrity of international law are certainly not existential interests threatening the survival of the American system. I doubt that they are even interests that the US must defend at all costs. 
 
China argues that it has never and will never interfere with FON. China’s position is not without credibility as far as merchant marine traffic is concerned because it too is a trading nation. The US riposte is that there is a fundamental difference between FON as a right enshrined in United Nations Conventions on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS) and FON granted by the leave and favour of a major power, and that China’s disregard for international law with regard to its SCS claims casts doubt over its commitment to uphold FON. This is true. But what the US glosses over is that it is not party to UNCLOS and given the state of congressional politics, is not very likely to become party to UNCLOS in the foreseeable future. Instead, the US says it considers UNCLOS largely customary international law and abides by it on that basis. 
 
One does not have to be an extreme sceptic to suspect that this may be an ingeniously plausible way of misdirecting attention from the possibility that the US too upholds FON by its leave and favour: as a choice the US has made on the basis of a particular calculation of American national interests and not an obligation it must honour irrespective of whether calculations of interests change. It seems to me, for example, that some of the operational activities for the Proliferation Security Initiative that the US suggested after 9/11 — which included intercepting and searching vessels on the high seas — were significant derogations of FON as generally understood, abandoned only when other countries found them too much to swallow. I do not want to press the point too far. But it does not seem unreasonable to conclude that ultimately there may be less differences between the Chinese and American positions on FON than immediately meets the eye. A country may have more trust in one major power than the other, but this is a matter of preference not law. 
 
In strategic terms, the US wants to be able to operate in and through Southeast Asia and deploy its navy from its west coast through the Pacific to the Indian Ocean and Persian Gulf and back without impediment. This is an important interest, but is it a vital interest? Possibly. But who can stop it? This is a contingency that military planners must think about for extreme scenarios but is not particularly useful for understanding day-to-day international relations. In any case, to try to stop the US could be a cacus belli and China does not want to risk war. What remains are differences between the US and China over what military activities short of hostilities can legitimately be conducted outside territorial seas in a country’s Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ). I wonder whether the current differences are less the result of fundamentally opposed concepts than they are a reflection of disparities in capabilities that one day will be narrowed. 
 
China has historically been primarily a land power but is now in the process of turning itself into a maritime power as well. The PLA Navy (PLAN) has begun to operate  in  distant  waters,  albeit  still  only  sporadically.  Of  particular  note  for Southeast Asia were: China’s deployment of a surveillance ship off the coast of Hawaii during the Rim of the Pacific Exercise (RIMPAC) in 2014 (PLAN had participated by invitation in RIMPAC but the surveillance ship was not part of the exercise); a PLAN exercise the same year in the eastern Indian Ocean between Australia’s Christmas Island and Indonesia during which the Chinese Navy transited through the Sunda and Lombok Straits; and the transit of Chinese naval vessels through American territorial seas off Alaska in 2015. 
 
These deployments were depicted by the media as China flexing its new naval muscles and that was probably part of China’s intention. But what I think was more interesting was the Chinese Ministry of Defence’s statement on its RIMPAC surveillance ship deployment. It said: “The People’s Liberation Army naval ships’ operation in waters outside the territorial seas of other countries is in line with international law and international practice”. This could have been a statement by the spokesman of the US 7th Fleet about its operations in the SCS. And indeed the Commander of the United States Pacific Command at that time described the deployment of the surveillance ship as “an acceptance by the Chinese of what we’ve been saying to them for some time, [which] is that military operations and survey operations in another country’s EEZs, where you have national – your own national security interest, are within international law and are acceptable … a fundamental right that nations have.” 
 
As capabilities converge so do concepts; as concepts converge so may interests. At present, the basic common interest of both the US and China in the SCS is to minimise the risk of conflict by accident while continuing to assert what each considers their rights. They have begun to elaborate codes of conduct for unplanned encounters at sea and in the air and implement them. This is of course good news and to be welcomed, but in the long run not necessarily entirely unequivocal good news. 
 
In my last lecture, I argued that China is unlikely to be foolish enough to try and match US military capabilities in every theatre of operations but that it is probably inevitable that a more equal naval equation will eventually develop in the SCS. When this occurs we should not assume, given the fundamental asymmetry of US and Chinese interests in the SCS, that the modus vivendi they may then reach in Southeast Asia must necessarily be in ASEAN’s interests. Dealing with US-China competition is difficult but at least leaves open the possibility of manoeuvre. Dealing with US-China agreement — an implicit de facto agreement if not an explicit de jure agreement — may be even more uncomfortable. There will be less room to move and when major powers strike a deal they generally try to make lesser beings pay the price. 
 
Of course such an eventuality is still a long way off and indeed may never come to pass. But it would be prudent to look past the loud trading of accusations and counter-accusations by the two sides and the kind of analysis put out by the more excitable sort of media and academic commentator, and think about what may currently seem unthinkable. Before you dismiss the possibility of US-China collusion as a paranoid fantasy, understand that stranger things have happened. At the International Conference on what was then called Kampuchea held at the UN in 
1981 the US took China’s side against ASEAN on whether or not the Khmer Rouge should return to power when the Vietnamese withdrew. ASEAN wanted elections but the US supported the return of a genocidal regime. Did any of you imagine that the US once had in effect supported genocide? The Assistant Secretary of State for East Asia at that time saw the relationship with China as the paramount US interest and even threatened the Singapore Foreign Minister at that time, S Dhanabalan, that there would be “blood on the floor” if we did not change our position. 
 
I hope the US understands that such concerns lurk not very far beneath the surface in East Asia where memories are long. Since the “Nixon shock” of 1972, Japan has periodically worried about being “passed” by its principal ally. If China  has a responsibility to constantly reassure the small countries on its periphery, the US as “off-shore balancer” has a parallel responsibility and a more complex one. To the countries of Southeast Asia, the American porridge is always going to be too hot or too cold; countries will always fear the US entangling them in its quarrels with rivals or being left to deal with other major powers without adequate support.  It will be difficult for the US to persuade us that the porridge is just right. Such are the burdens a Great Power must shoulder. 
 
But of late the US has itself added to these burdens. One such occasion was when a red line was drawn with a swaggering flourish, but then faded to pink and finally disappeared in the chaos of Syria. It was immensely damaging and will not be easily forgotten, particularly since I think the episode betrayed a certain mood in the American body politic that is on display in the on-going primary campaigns and will outlast the current administration. 

Modern Southeast Asian history can be understood as a quest for autonomy in which process the formation of ASEAN was a crucial step. But so can modern Chinese history also be understood as a search to restore the autonomy lost in the 
19th century and early 20th century. ASEAN and China have no choice but to live with each other. We are not enemies but as I earlier argued, relations between big and small neighbours cannot but be uneasy. Where the balance of autonomies will be eventually struck between ASEAN and China is the central issue in the relationship that will in turn determine the extent to which the regional architecture remains open and inclusive. This is one aspect of the uncertainty and ambiguity that my first lecture argued are the most salient characteristics of the post-Cold War world. To reach and maintain an acceptable balance requires ASEAN to meet what I described in that lecture as the basic strategic challenge of our times: avoiding being forced into invidious choices and keeping open the maximum range of options. 

Meeting the challenge is as much an intellectual matter as it is one of politics, economics or military capability. The late Malcolm Fraser, a former Australian Prime Minister, wrote a book in which he argued that the alliance with the US had become a strategic liability for Australia. It is true that across East Asia, American friends and allies face something of a dichotomy between economic calculations of interest in which even a slower growing China looms large, and security calculations of interest in which the US will remain the key factor for the foreseeable future. Please note that I used the word “dichotomy” not “dilemma”. Trade and investment are not favours China bestows upon the region. China needs the region as much as the region needs  China,  and  as  my  last  lecture  argued,  the  parameters  of  US-China competition are narrower and less stark than sometimes assumed. It is thus difficult but not impossible to balance the two sets of interests. But we cannot do so if we concede that a dilemma exists. To recognise a dilemma is to accept the very mental framework that Chinese diplomacy seeks to impose on the region and foreclose options. This was Fraser’s fundamental intellectual error that led to his entirely fallacious conclusion. 
 
If the former leader of a staunch US ally can fall into such a mental trap, how much more difficult will it be for a disparate group of countries to avoid doing so? But we should not adopt a fatalistic attitude because that is the essential trap. To recognise error is the first step in avoiding it. And we are not without some advantages. 

The small countries of Southeast Asia have lived in the midst of competition by larger powers for many centuries even before they were states in the modern sense of the term. To promiscuously and simultaneously balance, hedge and band-wagon is embedded in our foreign policy DNA. Not only do we not see any contradiction in doing so, this is an instinctive response honed by centuries of hard experience. But this instinct is today at some risk of being dulled in at least some members of ASEAN in whom the struthious delusions of ZOPFAN and SEANWFZ seem alive and  well. We must  recognise  that  the SCS  is  today the  principal  arena  where complex mind games to condition mental frameworks in ASEAN members are underway. To take positions necessarily entails some risk. But to merely lie low and keep silent or only use words that are intended to be devoid of meaning on an issue as important as the SCS compromises autonomy, surrenders options and hence only invites greater risks. 
 
As I have earlier indicated, the most important of these mind-games relate to the US presence in the SCS. Unfortunately, China understands ASEAN better than the US and knows far better how to work with ASEAN, which is a polite way of saying manipulate our weaknesses: the proclivity to privilege form and woolly thinking on regional security. What the US knows or has learnt about ASEAN has to be largely relearnt every four years. Whatever its other virtues — and I must say they are not particularly evident so far during this election cycle — the American political system is something of a liability in Southeast Asia where its peculiarities are not as well understood as some Americans may believe and thus taken too seriously. 
 
In this respect, the Obama administration’s use of the metaphor of a “pivot” or “rebalance”  to   describe   its  approach   towards   the   region   was   in  my  view inappropriate. A “pivot” swings in different directions; what “rebalances” one way could well move in another. The metaphor raises expectations that are almost bound to be disappointed because as the only global power, the US is always going to have responsibilities in other regions that it cannot ignore.  What should have been emphasised instead was the essential continuity of the US presence in East Asia over   many   administrations   of   both   parties.   But   the   political   imperative   of distinguishing one administration’s policies from another even when the differences are minimal is in-built into the American political system and we will just have to live with it. 
 
Some commentators seem to regard a US-led Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) as part of an American containment strategy and in competition with a China-led Regional Comprehensive Economic   Partnership (RCEP) that is, presumably, a Chinese break-out response to the TPP. This is arrant rubbish. All the East Asian members of the TPP are also in the RECEP and some have bilateral FTAs with both China and the US. I spent a considerable part of my last lecture describing US-China interdependence and why it is as impossible for the US to contain China as it is for China to completely displace the US from East Asia. What is at stake is not whether it will be an American Southeast Asia or a Chinese Southeast Asia but where the balance of relative influence will lie and whether the regional architecture will be relatively open or relatively exclusive, and I stress the word “relative”. 
 
Of course, even slight shifts in the balance of influence in the regional environment can make a major difference to small countries. The many projects planned or being implemented under the ASEAN-China “2+7 Cooperation Framework”, China’s investments in infrastructure such as railroads under President Xi Jinping’s vision of “One Belt, One Road”, as well as burgeoning trade and other economic ties are binding southwest China and Southeast Asia into one economic space. This is certainly a development opportunity that is not to be rejected. But as national boundaries become hazy, old historical patterns are being re-established in new ways and Westphalian concepts of inter-state relations may be modified. There surely  will  be  political  and  strategic  and  not  just  economic  implications.  The framework within which we calculate our interests could narrow. This is the geopolitical significance of the ASEAN Economic Community. Economic integration is an imperative not just for economic reasons but to encourage calculations of national interests by ASEAN member states with our own frameworks rather than become overly dependent on Chinese frameworks. 
 
But economic integration is always politically difficult and the next phase of ASEAN economic integration which aims at establishing a common market and production platform will be more complicated than the first. The easy things have already been done. The domestic politics of ASEAN members is becoming more uncertain. Thailand and Malaysia are poised on the cusp of systemic change. Indonesia has yet to reach a stable post-Suharto internal equilibrium and is still an incoherent system seized with a somewhat petulant economic nationalism. There is significant uncertainty about the policies of the new Myanmar government because it has no experience of governance and the military apart, inherits weak institutions. The Philippines has presidential elections in a few months and is not renowned for policy continuity. I sense buyer’s remorse in Laos and Cambodia over the present level of integration commitments. In Singapore, some opposition parties are trying to cast doubt over open economic policies particularly with regard to foreign labour.  In any case, we should not deceive ourselves that even under ideal circumstances for integration — and our circumstance are far from ideal — ASEAN can adequately cope alone. 
 
This is particularly true in mainland Southeast Asia. To give but one example, China has built seven dams in the upper reaches of the Mekong River and reportedly plans 
21 more. This is a permanent new geopolitical fact, analogous to artificial islands in the SCS, which the five ASEAN members through which the Mekong flows cannot ignore. Recently, China announced that to relieve drought in Thailand, Laos and Cambodia, it would release more water from its dams on the Mekong. There is an old Chinese proverb: “When drinking water, think of the source”. Balance at sea must be matched by balance on land. The US Lower Mekong Initiative is a useful political symbol of commitment but substantively paltry by comparison to what China has put on the table and symbols only take you so far. What Japan has initiated for infrastructure development in Southeast Asia is far more substantive and significant. But unlike balance at sea, to reach balance on land will take more than the efforts of one or two countries. 
 
I believe there is a need for a broader and more coordinated effort for infrastructure development projects in mainland Southeast Asia. One possibility is public-private partnerships by multinational consortiums of companies from the US, Japan, Australia, the ROK and India. This would considerably broaden the range of options for mainland Southeast Asia, prevent the entrenchment of a fatalistic mind-set and serve as a crucial complement to the maritime capability building programmes some of   these  countries  have   started  for  ASEAN.   Chinese  participation  in  such consortiums is not to be ruled out. As China’s growth moderates, there will be many demands on state coffers and the scale and ambition of what China has planned cannot be undertaken by China alone as Beijing itself realises. This was the rationale for the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) and it was a strategic mistake for the US and Japan to have stayed out of it. Fortunately it is not an irreversible mistake.  Collaboration  with  China  by  the  US  and  its  allies  in  the  AIIB  for infrastructure development is desirable to take the starkest zero-sum edges off strategic competition in Southeast Asia and perhaps expose false dilemmas as just that: false. 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, I could go on elaborating on the complexities of Southeast Asia which have no easy or obvious solutions but I think I have depressed you enough for this evening. My next lecture on the “myth of universality” will deal with one prevalent but false mental framework and the resulting wounds countries inflict on themselves and others, always of course with the noblest of intentions, but which I hope Singapore can avoid. 
 
Thank you. 

 
 
IPS-Nathan Lectures 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dealing with an Ambiguous World 
 
Lecture IV: 
 
The Myth of Universality: The Geopolitics of 
Human Rights 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Bilahari Kausikan 
 
2015/16 S R Nathan Fellow for the Study of 
Singapore 
 
 
 
 
29 April 2016 
 
Auditorium, Shaw Foundation Alumni House 
 
 
As I stand here before you, at least three different things are happening simultaneously: what I think; what I say to convey what I think which, because of the limitations of language or by design, will not always be the same as what I think; and what you hear and understand of what I had intended to convey, which is again not necessarily the same thing. Misunderstanding of some degree is inherent in all human communication; indeed all human perception. One might call this the “Rashomon phenomenon” after the title of the short story by the Japanese author Ryunosuke Akutagawa. Human rights and democracy more than other subjects   are   particularly   susceptible   to   this   phenomenon.   Anything   really “universal” ought to be less prone to misunderstanding. In fact the evidence of our senses tells us that the  most salient characteristic of  the  world  we  live  in  is diversity, not universality. 
  
To explain why universality is a myth, I must beg your indulgence to recount how some of my personal experiences intersected in a minor and tangential way with international developments. Had the Institute of Policy Studies and the Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy not been so foolishly reckless as to invite me to deliver this series of lectures, I would not inflict my stories on anyone. They are of little inherent interest except, I think, to explain why I came to this conclusion and in the process draw some of the threads of my previous lectures together. My focus is on human rights and democracy promotion as an element of statecraft; in relations between states. 
  
I served as a junior diplomat at our Embassy in Washington D.C. from 1984 to 1987. Mikhail Gorbachev had been appointed General-Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union in 1985 but the Cold War was still quite warm and the Soviet bloc seemed on the rise. The Soviet Union had invaded and occupied Afghanistan. With Moscow’s support, Vietnam had invaded and occupied Cambodia.  The  revolutionary  Sandinistas  had  come  to  power  in  Nicaragua. Cuban troops were fighting in Africa. That the Cold War was in fact nearing its end and that the Soviet Union would collapse only six years later, was not evident at that time, at least it was not evident to me. I had never paid much attention to human rights and democracy as factors in international relations and I do not think they played any significant role in US diplomacy during the Cold War except perhaps as a tactic. The US has of course always seen itself as the Exemplar of Rights and Democracy to the World. But during the Cold War this was more propaganda than policy. The key American foreign policy considerations were strategic. If the US had any qualms about pursuing policies that did not meet its own notions of human rights and democracy, it hid them well. 
 
These subjects certainly did not occupy much of my time in Washington. Our major  preoccupation  at  the  Embassy  was  the  Vietnamese  occupation  of Cambodia. There was an element of our work that obliquely touched upon human rights when we had to explain why ASEAN supported a resistance coalition that included the murderous Khmer Rouge. We did not deny that they had committed genocide. We pointed out that the Chinese-backed Khmer Rouge was the most effective fighting force in the resistance and words alone would not get the Soviet- supported Vietnamese out of Cambodia and give the Cambodia people an opportunity to determine their own future under UN-supervised elections. 
 
It was an argument that I now admit was a little disingenuous. But in the context of the Cold War, I do not recall that we had much difficulty in getting officials of the Reagan administration to accept it. As I recounted in my last lecture, at one point the US had even sided with China and the Khmer Rouge against ASEAN.  In so far  as  American  officials  were  uneasy,  it  was  about  supplying  non-lethal assistance to the non-communist components of the resistance.  Some American officials were then still so traumatised by the Vietnam War that they imagined that supplying a few pairs of boots, some ponchos and radio-sets would again lead them down a slippery slope into another quagmire. 
 
There was a little more difficulty with Congress which tends to be purist about human rights and democracy. But there we had the staunch support of a key member of the House of Representatives, the late Stephen Solarz, the Chairman of the House Asia-Pacific Sub-Committee. Mr Solarz was generally very liberal and I wondered why he supported us until one of his staff explained that his district had many former refugees from the Soviet-bloc. They hated the Soviet Union. Since the Soviet Union was supporting Vietnam, they were for anything that was against Vietnam. As the votes went, the Congressman followed. Mr Solarz was not atypical. 
  
In the Philippines, the Marcos regime was under pressure after the assassination of Benigno Aquino – the current Philippine President’s father — in 1983. “People’s Power” eventually forced Marcos to flee the Philippines in 1986. Still, our main concern and the main concern of the Reagan administration, was what Marcos’ fall after 20 years in power would mean for the stability of the Philippines and Southeast  Asia  and  not  primarily  as  an  opportunity  for  the  promotion  of democracy. In 1987, human rights was briefly forced upon my attention by the necessity of dealing with the fall-out when a group of lay Catholic social workers, returned overseas graduates and radical theatre enthusiasts were arrested under the Internal Security Act. But this was mainly to help the administration cope with pressures from NGOs and their supporters in Congress. To our friends in the administration, this was a distraction from the strategic issues of the day. We had to do our bit by running interference – to use an American football term – to help keep the administration focused. 
 
By the end of my term in the US, events were moving more quickly and with greater significance than anyone could have foreseen. Certainly I did not. Gorbachev had introduced glasnost, was attempting perestroika and, overcoming initial scepticism, was taking important steps to improve relations with the West. In 1986, the US and the Soviet Union had reached a major understanding on nuclear arms control at the Reykjavik Summit. The same year, the Geneva Accords set a timetable for Soviet withdrawal from Afghanistan. As the Cold War wound down, events began to break in East Asia as well. In 1987, martial law was lifted in Taiwan; that same year, mirroring events the previous year in the Philippines, student demonstrations pushed President Chun Doo-hwan from power in South Korea. I began to sense that something was shifting in US attitudes towards human rights and democracy, but only very dimly and inchoately. 
  
It was not until 1988, after I returned to Singapore and found myself peripherally involved in the expulsion of a US diplomat stationed in Singapore, one Hank Hendrickson, that it clearly dawned on me what had changed. Singapore had been consistent in supporting the US presence in Southeast Asia; at least as consistent if not more so than formal US allies, Thailand and the Philippines. We had done so even when it was unfashionable during the Vietnam War when the US was in dire need of Asian political support. We had volunteered support because it was in our interest. But it was a calculation of interest that we need not have made – notwithstanding the “Special Relationship”, even the British were half-hearted in their support for the Vietnam War — and a calculation that was not without domestic risk for the government. After the Hendrickson affair broke, I recall Mr Lee  Kuan  Yew  saying  that  the  US  should  not  assume  that  our  ground  was naturally in support of America. It was a choice the Singapore government made and having made, had to politically sustain. It was not unreasonable to expect the US government would help and not hinder us. 
  
Yet here was an accredited diplomat from a friendly country, with the support and encouragement of his immediate State Department superiors, and in defiance of all diplomatic practice enshrined as international law in the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic  Relations,  enthusiastically  promoting  opposition  to  the  PAP government, promising shelter and succour to the chosen ones if they ran into trouble. Clearly, advancing human rights and democracy was now American policy and not just propaganda; an interest that the US considered central enough to risk a long nurtured and mutually beneficial relationship. Why? It was not as if they wished us ill. I was acquainted with Mr Hendrickson and his State Department superiors. I was sure they were not enemies. They did what they did simply because we did not fit neatly into their theories of political development. Now that the Cold War was ending, they saw an opportunity to nudge us in the direction that the Philippines, South Korea and Taiwan had taken. In their minds, they were doing us a favour. 
 
I do not think it was a mistake to have supported the US then and to continue to support the US now. But there was a lesson to be drawn from this episode. The lesson is not that the US was ungrateful. Gratitude is not a concept that is greatly relevant to the understanding of international affairs. If you expect gratitude in international relations, adopt a dog and name it “Foreign Policy”. The relevant concept is interest; interests change and they do not change to suit our conveniences. It is therefore vital to try, the best we can, to look over the horizon to see what may be coming our way. I decided to study human rights and democracy more closely than I had hitherto done to try to better understand their evolving role in post-Cold War geopolitics. 
  
In  1992,  I  wrangled  a  three-month  sabbatical  at  one  of  the  older  British universities. The first, most valuable and enduring lesson I learnt was from the don assigned to guide my studies, although it was perhaps not the lesson he would have chosen or intended to impart. He was a very distinguished historian of Southeast Asia, with a contemporary interest in human rights in what was then known as Burma and East Timor; so immensely learned that he had probably forgotten more about the region than I could ever hope to learn. But the Southeast Asia he talked to me about – and he spoke very eruditely and with great passion about human rights and democracy in our region – seemed to me to bear little relationship to the place I actually lived in and had dealt with in my previous work as Director for Southeast Asia in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. We met only once. I never went back to see him again and he never asked to see me again. It was probably for the best. 
 
The lesson I took away from this encounter was simple: when thinking about human rights and democracy, Conviction, however fervent, and Authority, however majestic, are not the same things as practicality or even reality. Common sense you may think, but this is an idea that is akin to heresy in the human rights community which too often confuses feeling good with doing Good. 
 
I began this lecture by pointing out that the shade of Rashomon constantly lurks around talk about human rights and democracy, making it particularly susceptible to  misunderstanding.  So  please  do  not  misunderstand  me.  Let  me  state  my position plainly and unequivocally: I am not against human rights; I think human rights are one of the most important ideas that the human species has ever invented. What I am sceptical about – deeply sceptical — is what I have termed the Myth of Universality: the assumption that when we speak about rights or democracy we will all always mean the same thing just because we use the same words, and that the same words will always be applicable in the same way everywhere. 
 
The Myth of Universality is what I called in the first of these lectures, a “false framework”: an ontological device into which we try to force a stubbornly elusive and ever shifting reality in order to comfort ourselves with the illusion of comprehension. I argued  that resorting to false frameworks in  the more than usually ambiguous and uncertain post-Cold War times that we are experiencing is dangerous.  This  particular  false  framework  is  perhaps  more  dangerous  than others because human rights and democracy seem to be the one reliable fixed point of reference in an age without definition. 
 
No country has rejected The Universal Declaration of Human Rights. Since the Universal Declaration was adopted in 1948, an elaborate apparatus of international and regional human rights treaties, declarations and institutions have enmeshed relations between states and whatever their actual practice, states can no longer credibly argue that their internal affairs are in principle entirely only their own business. During the Cold War, the US and the Soviet Union validated their policies by opposing ideas of universal norms. After the collapse of the Soviet Union, only one definition of the Universal seemed to be left standing. 
 
Only  the  exceptionally  obtuse   would   cling  to   a   false  framework  that   is demonstrably false. But all I have just described is not demonstrably false, only partially and contingently true. This is a more subtle concept and therefore more difficult to grasp. Any idea that is only partially and contingently true is an intellectual shape-shifter. What is true and what is not true is in flux and thus elusive, particularly when there are no clear or attractive alternatives. 
 
The brief post-Cold War American unipolar moment has passed. Europe lacks the power to force acceptance of its ideas which in Europe’s present predicaments are in any case not particularly appealing, even to many Europeans. Post-Soviet Russia seems to have reverted to an older idea: that of the great 19th century Russian philosopher, Pytor Chaadaev, who said of his country “We never went with other peoples”. China is not interested in promoting any idea of the Universal except its own intrinsic superiority as a normative value, and that primarily in East Asia where it is contested. India may accept western universal values, but I think only with regard to some of its internal arrangements and not as an over-riding international authority. 
 
There are also more fundamental conceptual problems with the notion of universality. The idea that runs through the work of Isaiah Berlin – a liberal British political philosopher who deserves to be more widely read and understood than he is today – is that there is not one Good but many goods each of which may have its own validity but which are not necessarily reconcilable or capable of simultaneous realisation. This is an idea that many liberals seem to find hard to accept: there is nothing more intolerant than a liberal in full bray in defence of liberalism asserted, somewhat self-contradictorily, as an absolute value. This often leads liberals into thickets of paradox, confusion and contradiction. Examples are not hard to find. Earlier this year, some students at Yale-NUS called for Ambassador Chan Heng Chee to be sacked from the school’s Board because they took offence at her defence of Singapore’s position on LGBT rights at Singapore’s Second Universal Periodic Review at the United Nations Council on Human Rights in Geneva. Curiously, it did not seem to occur to the students that the value of a liberal education is precisely to instil openness to other views even if you do not agree with them. 
 
After the terrorist attack on Charlie Hebdo in Paris, it struck me that there was a similarity in the modes of thought of the terrorists and the cartoonists, not moral equivalence in their actions because  there  is clearly none, but a similarity of thought processes: both held their values so absolutely that they thought it justified anything. Murder is wrong, but is lampooning a religion right? The fact that the terrorists held a completely mistaken view of Islam is beside the point. The point is that they believed in it; believed in it as fervently as the cartoonists believed in freedom of expression. 
 
I wrote an article for The Straits Times along these lines. The French ambassador took umbrage, at what exactly I am still not quite sure. He wrote a letter to The Straits Times to refute me. That was his right. I did not find his arguments convincing and explained why in a response to his letter. But he went further and complained to my bosses about me and got his own boss to do so as well, clearly to try to shut me up. In other words, he attempted to mobilise superior force to deprive me of my freedom of expression; the very freedom the French state, indeed all Europe, defended in the case of the cartoonists. My bosses quite properly told the Ambassador that my views are my own and if he did not agree with them to talk to me to convince me of the error of my ways. He has not done so. I do not in any way blame the Ambassador for trying coercion rather than persuasion. In his position I would have done the same. But then I have never been accused of being a liberal. Perhaps he secretly isn’t a liberal too. 
 
These are trivial anecdotes. But there is a serious point to them. If there is not one Good but many goods which are irreconcilable, then we must either impose our concept of the Good by force, which in history has occurred all too often with very bloody consequences – or moderate our own ideas to minimize friction and seek some modus vivendi between different conceptions of the good in order to lessen the  probability  of  conflict.  As  Isaiah  Berlin  said  in  his  famous  lecture  ‘Two Concepts of Liberty’: “Freedom for the pike is death to the minnows: the liberty of some must depend on the restraint of others.” 
 
The idea of human rights is qualitatively different from the idea of a rock or a stone or a tree or the idea that the earth is round. A rock is a rock irrespective of whether or not we believe in it and the earth remains round even if we think it is flat.  The idea  that human  rights  have  an  autonomous  reality or are  somehow “natural rights” is, as the 19th century English philosopher Jeremy Bentham famously said, “rhetorical nonsense – nonsense on stilts”. Some legal scholars have argued that human rights are now jus cogens. Louis Henkin has, for example, argued that human rights reflect a “new law of fundamental values adopted by the international system”.  But I don’t see how Bentham’s basic point can be avoided by dressing 
up “nonsense on stilts” in lawyer’s Latin. This does not mean that human rights and international law can be dismissed as unimportant. What it means is that international law and human rights are, as I alluded to earlier, human inventions: civilising myths that we have chosen to believe in so that we may at least occasionally live in a civilised manner; faith not objective reality. The apple will always fall even if I stubbornly choose not to believe in gravity. Faith is subjective. There is no reason to assume that we will all always believe in the same thing in the same way even when we appear to do so.  Violent quarrels have erupted even in monotheistic religions. 
 
Although the idea that humans have rights of some sort has won general acceptance, most specific rights are still essentially contested concepts where superficial  agreement,  sometimes  no  more  than  agreement  over  vocabulary, masks deep conflicts over interpretation and implementation. This is true even with something as basic as the right to life where there is fundamental and visceral disagreement over capital punishment, mandated by Sharia law, and abortion which some Christians equate with murder. If Life itself can be disputed, how much real agreement over the ever expanding range of other ideas claimed as rights can we realistically expect? Advocates argue that human rights are aspirational global norms. I do not disagree. But that does not get around Isaiah Berlin’s insight into the plurality of values and the essentially contested nature of many rights held up as aspirations. 
 
Failure to recognise these realities leads either to a mindless formalism – a numbers game of encouraging states to sign human rights instruments that they do not have the capacity or even the intention to implement – or leads back to coercion. Anyone familiar with the United Nations has witnessed the less than edifying spectacle of western diplomats threatening, sometimes subtly, sometimes otherwise, but always apparently oblivious to the irony of their actions, to withhold desperately  needed  aid  from  less  developed  countries  unless  they  supported some human rights resolution or another. I am not shocked by such behaviour. It is entirely understandable. Many a career in multilateral diplomacy has hung on a comma or a word in some obscure resolution and some countries need to find grounds for believing that they are still world powers. These are perfectly logical and justifiable reasons for what they do. But we should not call it promoting human rights. We should not forget that the promotion of human rights and democracy is not just a high moral calling but also an industry. 
 
When I returned from my sabbatical at the beginning of 1993, I became involved in preparations for the United Nations Conference on Human Rights that was to be held in Vienna later that year. It was intended to be a festival celebrating western victory in the Cold War. The beginning of the 1990s was, however, a period of great potential geopolitical complication. After the Cold War the West was drunk with hubris; China was beginning to take off and, freed of the imperatives and constraints of their de facto anti-Soviet alliance, the US and China were beginning to eye each other warily, particularly after the Tiananmen incident. President Bill Clinton had been elected in 1993. The Democrats had been out of power for two decades, except for the atypical four years of the Carter administration that even Democrats seemed eager to forget. Clinton had accused his predecessor of “coddling dictators” and an inexperienced administration seemed somewhat more than merely inclined to take a harder line with China and give human rights and democracy promotion a more prominent role in US-China relations. But these were issues on which the Chinese Communist Party would never compromise. The potential for trouble in US-China relations seemed great and if trouble broke out it would have rocked our entire region. Our memories of the Hendrickson affair were also still fresh – I hope my younger colleagues have not entirely forgotten it – and the new Democrat administration did not know Singapore or the region as well as the Republicans. The Asia specialists in the new administration, who did know us very well, did not appear to be the most influential voices in its inner counsels. 
 
This was the context of what came to be known as the “Asian values” debate which was more about geopolitics than values of any description. The goals of the debate were modest: to encourage a more complex and realistic view of political development in East Asia and buy some time for the passions of a new administration to cool and common sense and the imperatives of realpolitik to prevail. But it made for a fraught run-up to the Vienna Conference. More fraught than I thought at that time. 
 
An Asian Group preparatory meeting for the Vienna Conference was held in Bangkok in April 1993.  Prior to the meeting a friend in the US Embassy in Singapore had taken me aside and rather cryptically sounded a cautionary note about the American diplomat who had been assigned by the State Department in Washington to observe the meeting.  She was, he vaguely intimated, inclined to ingratiate herself with the new administration and so I should make a special effort to keep her thoroughly briefed. It is one of the minor regrets of my career that I did not take his advice seriously enough. But it would have in any case been difficult to take his advice because I never set eyes on the lady. God only knows where she was, how she got her information and what she reported. My regret is minor because I doubt it would have made much difference if I had made more of an effort to track her down. I later heard she had been given a junior ambassadorial appointment sometime after she returned from Bangkok. 
 
The Bangkok meeting was split on the core issue of the universality or otherwise of  human  rights  and  democracy.  The  basic  division  was  between  the  more western oriented members of the group such as Japan and South Korea who were clearly and reluctantly under instructions to act as American proxies and countries like Iran and China on the other end of the spectrum of opinion. The majority, including Singapore, were somewhere in-between. The final compromise was contained in Article 8 of the Bangkok Declaration that reads as follows: “[Ministers and representatives of Asian governments] recognise that while human rights are universal in nature, they must be considered in the context of a dynamic and evolving process of international norm-setting, bearing in mind the significance of national and regional particularities and various historical, cultural and religious backgrounds.” 
 
This was taken as a challenge to the western idea of universality and provoked a storm of controversy after Bangkok and at Vienna. I confess to having played a role in suggesting the idea and drafting the language of Article 8. The controversy bewildered me then and baffles me still. My approach was historical and the text was intended to be, and I still think is, no more than a straightforward statement of fact. All norms evolve. How we conceived of, say, women’s rights or LGBT rights 
50 or 20 or just 10 years ago is not how we conceive of them now and we will not conceive of them in the same way a hundred years hence. The evolution of rights and political systems must necessarily be conditioned by responses to specific events and issues including, among other things, history, culture and religion, and our understanding of all these and many other factors also evolve over time. There is no reason to expect that evolution of rights must necessarily be teleological or a Whiggish story of ever advancing progress up and up and on and on. 
 
It is with a tad of schadenfreude that I watch the EU and Australia struggle with refugees. Singapore was once roundly criticised by these countries for defying what they maintained was established international law on the rights of refugees by not recognising an automatic right to asylum and taking a tough stand to deter Vietnamese  boat  people  from  seeking  shelter  here.  I  do  not  think  that  the problems Europe and Australia today face can be managed within the existing framework of international law on refugee rights which was established in 1951 essentially to deal with displaced persons, mainly of European origin, after the Second World War. The magnitude, causes and quality of refugee flows are today entirely different. The 1951 UN Convention on Refugees and its 1967 Protocol are obsolete. But it is extremely unlikely that the domestic politics of key countries will allow these instruments to be updated in any way that will allow them to provide an adequate international legal framework for managing contemporary refugee flows. Consequently, countries will do what they must. 
 
Australia has already changed tack and adopted refugee policies harsher than we ever did. Last year the Human Rights Council criticised Australia for breaking international law. I think Europe will eventually have to do so too. It will be far more difficult for the EU and  its member states to make adjustments because the refugee crisis confronts Europe with existential questions about itself and member states are divided on what adjustments to make. The EU is now desperately trying every other expedient to avoid having to face the issue squarely. But reality cannot be evaded forever. As Mr Lee Kuan Yew once said apropos the Vietnamese boat- people, “you have to grow calluses on your heart or bleed to death”. 
 
The  refugee  crisis  in  Europe  is  a  vivid  example  of  value  pluralism  and  how different conceptions of the good are not necessarily always reconcilable. It is good to abide by international law. It is good to take care of refugees. It is good to ensure that one’s own citizens feel secure and comfortable in their own country. Can all three goods be simultaneously realised? I doubt it. 
 
I must stress however that value pluralism is not the same thing as value relativity. Although these concepts are sometimes confused, they are in fact diametrically opposed because value pluralism implies no hierarchy of values whereas some notion of hierarchy is implicit in the idea of relativity. It is precisely because value pluralism assumes no hierarchy that conflicts of values arise. And when such conflicts arise, the process by which states try to reconcile them or at least reach a modus vivendi between differing conceptions of the good is a political process. 
 
Last year at a conference in Switzerland, I listened to Mario Monti, the former Prime Minister of Italy and former EU Commissioner admit that the root cause of the refugee crisis in Europe was failure in the domestic politics of EU member  states.  He argued that while EU institutions worked reasonably well, the idea of “Europe” was too abstract for the peoples of member states to understand and consequently their politics were driven by short-term considerations. Mr Monti’s analysis was correct but did not go far enough. 
 
The EU’s idea of “Europe” is utopian and unsustainable – one is tempted to call it the Soviet Union with human rights – and the divergence between the ideals of the EU elite and their peoples has led to the rise of anti-EU, anti-migrant and in some cases, anti-Semitic, right-wing movements. Much of the same phenomenon is present in the US. The outrageous comments Donald Trump has made on women and  minorities  taps  into  the  anger  of  his  white  working  class  base  who  feel culturally  as  well  economically  insecure  because  a  once  familiar  America  – perhaps imagined but nevertheless real in their minds – had been “stolen” from them  by  liberal  elites  and  mainstream  political  leaders  who  have  promoted women’s rights, gay rights and the rights of minorities and migrant workers. That the President is African-American does not help either. When the gap between what elites consider desirable and the general public considers comfortable grows too wide, democratic politics becomes dysfunctional. It is a lesson we should think about in Singapore too. 
 
In the 21st century a more fundamental structural contradiction may be developing between the ideas of “democracy” and “human rights”. Democracy is a protean term. Western liberal democracy is one historical variant and even that variant has changed over time and will continue to change. But what all variants of democracy have in common is the idea that first emerged in Europe at the end of the 17th century and gathered force during the 18th century, that sovereignty resides in and derives from the Will of The People rather than from Divine Right, the Mandate of 
Heaven or Bloodline or some other principle. It established itself as the dominant legitimating idea during the 19th  century. Today all political systems, except for a handful mainly in the Middle East, legitimate themselves by this general principle. During the 20th century, three models of mass politics based on this idea emerged: western  liberal  democracy,  fascism  and  communist  “people’s  democracy”.  All three still exist, even fascism in the thankfully much attenuated form of extreme right-wing movements.  One may have a preference for one model or another, but all share the same intellectual roots and it is ahistorical and pretentious to claim an unquestionable superiority or universality for your preference. 
 
Sovereignty resides in the will of the people, but who are “The People”? The meaning of the phrase is not stable. It steadily expanded in the course of the 20th century. The idea of “The People” is now being deconstructed by the centrifugal forces unleashed by the collision of 18th century political philosophy with 21st century communications technology in the form of the Internet and social media. Moreover “The People” today claim – or have claims made on their behalf by self- appointed activists whose visions and concerns are generally narrow-- an ever- expanding slew of rights, and claim them in an ever more absolutist manner, a process again accentuated by the Internet which has also enabled the idea of “The People” to escape the boundaries of the nation-state. All these forces are loosening, perhaps irrevocably, the sense of national community and national solidarity that I think is essential to democracy. Politics is fragmenting, making government and the pursuit of coherent public policies more difficult everywhere. In my darker moments, I wonder whether the rigidities of ideological faith have caused the technologies that were the fruits of human ingenuity to far outpace the capacity of human ingenuity to adapt our political and social institutions to deal with them. We cannot abandon the technologies. The answer cannot be just more faith in human ingenuity. Faith is nothing but hope which might well prove forlorn. 
 
Western confidence in the superiority of its model was based on the link between its political processes and the superior outcomes those processes produced, particularly economic outcomes. China’s growth challenges confidence in that link at a time when the link is already looking shaky. But China is no real alternative. In Europe and the US, political dysfunctionalities are far more advanced. Nevertheless, as I argued in my second lecture, we are all “western” now and no country in any region is entirely spared.  Since the communist system developed from the same 18th  century political philosophy and China cannot insulate itself from 21st century communications technologies, China too suffers from its own strain of this global disease – insecurity is the cause of its overly assertive nationalism — which may prove equally resistant to treatment. 
  
Political dysfunctionalities are not going to be resolved by trying to delink the political  process  from  outcomes  through  the  now-fashionable  but  bloodless concept of “governance”, as if valid universal principles of public policy can be somehow  neatly  abstracted  from  an  increasingly  messy  and  diverse  political reality. Public policy is not some Platonic ideal stored up in heaven waiting to be discovered by the contemplation of superior minds serenely detached from the hurly-burly of events. A policy that cannot be sold politically is no policy. If some principles are truly universal, the commonalities exist only at such a high level of generality that they have little practical relevance as guides to how different societies and cultures should actually govern or organise themselves.  Charles S. Maier, a distinguished historian of the modern state, called governance “the utopia of the Masters of Public Policy”, a thought that the school under whose auspices these lectures are being held and the prissier sort of civil servant would do well to always bear in mind. 
 
While writing this lecture, I came across a commentary in the Financial Times of 20th  April which described Europe and North America as suffering from what the author termed “sophisticated state failure”. This, he argued, “fuels the Donald Trump and Marine Le Pen insurgencies and endangers the ability of advanced societies to secure a bright future for their citizens”. Sophisticated state failure occurs when “by and large everything works as it should in mature democracies”, yet where little actually gets done, including economic reforms that everyone acknowledges are necessary, because governing is very difficult, voters are fickle, majorities are unstable and hence politicians unwilling to take risks. This sets up – and this is my paraphrase of the author’s argument — a vicious cycle of increasingly frustrated voters disillusioned with the political process. He called it “a cancer eating away at societies in the west and undermining the liberal world order”. The author, the Director of Carnegie Europe, had observed much the same dysfunctionalities as I did. His solution? “The only lasting way out of sophisticated state failure is for responsible politicians to worry less about getting re-elected and to start risking their political careers for things that need to be done.” This is advice that only a desperate intellectual would give, and only angels in heaven would take. 
 
Failure to free oneself of the shackles of the false framework of Universality leads to such tautological “solution”. A better if partial answer is to take a practical and not ideological approach to human rights and democracy: to hold our beliefs in these values loosely, contingently and transactionally. Human rights and democracy are not just desirable ends in themselves, but also means that should be evaluated and implemented on the basis of their utility.  Any good idea taken to extremes becomes absurd or self-defeating or both. In December last year the New York Times reported that one of those responsible for the terrorist attacks in Paris earlier that month may have escaped arrest in Brussels because of a law banning police raids on private homes from 9pm to 5am. Human rights have historically been rights held by the individual against an overly powerful state; democracy a means of taming Leviathan. But what if Leviathan is now metamorphosing into Gulliver held down by myriad silken threads of Rights? 
 
Men of goodwill believe that education and dialogue will enable us to arrive at consensus between different conceptions of the good, or if not consensus at least peaceful coexistence or common space. But those inclined to participate in such dialogues and respond to education are usually those who are already inclined to seek common ground or coexistence and hence are least in need of education or dialogue. Consensus and common space are in any case always tentative and in constant renegotiation. It is the fundamental purpose of politics and government to hold the ring as neutral arbiter and to maintain whatever consensus or common space may pertain at any point of time, if necessary by the exercise of the coercive powers that are the legitimate monopoly of the state, including the pre-emptive or prophylactic exercise of such powers. This is a particularly urgent function of the state at a time when few countries are homogenous, when multiculturalism frowns upon attempts to homogenise a country and identity politics is spreading. 
  
When conflicts of values lead to violence, as they did during the attack on Charlie Hebdo,  it  is  because  of  state  failure:  because  the  state  was  lulled  into complacency or hamstrung by its own ideology; because the state was too weak or too timid to take decisive action, or because the state was unable to resist the temptation to seek political advantage by privileging one group or system of values over another. And lest you think I am unduly smug about the situation in the West,  let me remind you that we need not look very far from our own borders to find examples of such situations existing or developing. We can find examples of groups seeking special privilege for their values — thankfully as yet without success — even within our own borders. 
 
I am not arguing that the traditional concept of rights held by the individual against the state has become unimportant. But that concept of rights is at best only a partial answer to the perennial problem of balancing justice with order. Order requires justice, but there can be no justice without order which must include a minimal societal consensus and a functioning political process. Justice is itself a contested concept and since what one group sees as “Just” another group may regard as an intolerable tyranny, there must be some means of adjudicating between  different  conceptions  of  the  “Just”.  Every  country  must  find  its  own balance in the context of its particular circumstances. Democracy is a self- indigenising concept, greatly influenced by the terroir in which it is planted. This also makes it extremely difficult to impose any particular variant of democracy from the outside. Once any balance is disrupted by internal or external forces pushing too far or too quickly in one direction or another, it can be extremely difficult to restore a sensible equilibrium. President Obama‘s election can be seen as an attempt to restore balance to the American system after the post-9/11 excesses of the Neoconservatives. I am not confident that he has yet succeeded. 
  
Ladies & gentlemen, some of you may consider that I have strayed too far into the abstract. But I thought it important to expose some of the conceptual complexities of the ideas of human rights and democracy that do not often enough see daylight. “Democracy” and “human rights” are not magical incantations that when uttered make all problems vanish. They are important but contested and sometimes internally contradictory concepts that may create new problems even if they solve others. Understanding the concepts better makes it more likely we can assess them clinically, implement them practically, and not unthinkingly fall under their thrall. 
  
Ideological blinkers have led to deficits of political leadership in major countries that exacerbate the uncertainties of post-Cold War international relations. Since leadership failures are not just the results of the deficiencies of individuals but have structural and conceptual causes, we will have to suffer them for a long time to come. In my previous lectures I briefly sketched some examples of how false frameworks have led to geopolitical complication: the knots that Europe has tied itself into; failure to anticipate Moscow’s response to the feckless attempt to draw Ukraine away from Russia; the disastrous interventions in the Middle East and North Africa, and the idea that economic reform must lead to political reform that is the root of the strategic mistrust that complicates US-China relations. What all these examples have in common is the cardinal sin of foreign policy: wishful thinking; mistaking hopes for reality. 
  
The effects of wishful thinking are not confined to the immediate regions where the error occurs, are unpredictable and can linger long after the error was committed. The  descent  of  Iraq  and  later  Libya  and  Syria  into  chaos  after  western interventions — these countries cannot be put together again and exist only as names and flags — did not initiate, but almost certainly accelerated and accentuated, the influence of Middle Eastern varieties of Islam, sectarian tensions and terrorist ideologies on Southeast Asian Muslims. This has changed the texture of Muslim communities in Southeast Asia and hence the relationship between Muslims and non-Muslims in the plural societies of Southeast Asia. The consequences will be difficult to manage and will unfold for many years, perhaps decades, to come. 
  
The ill-considered American intervention in Iraq elevated Iran’s regional position, shook Saudi Arabia’s confidence in the US, promoted an apocalyptically existential view of Sunni-Shia competition — a proxy for geopolitical fears of Iran – which has led Riyadh into policies in Yemen and elsewhere that may well undermine what stability, including its own, that remains in the Middle East. If this occurs, it will certainly have further consequences for our own region. 
  
The Middle East distracted the US from responding effectively for a critical decade when China was consolidating its position in Southeast Asia and trying to shape the regional architecture to its advantage. It was only at the very end of the George W. Bush administration that the US began to be persuaded that the game  was worth the candle and the US has been playing catch-up ever since. The western response to the so-called “Arab Spring” – the very choice of metaphor illustrates the depth of wishful thinking: summer inevitably follows spring and Arab summers are notoriously hot – compounded the effects of American distraction. Within the space of a mere week, the US went from standing by Mubarak as a staunch 30-year ally, to refusing him a dignified exit from power and unceremoniously dumping him. By comparison, the Hendrickson affair was very small beer. Mubarak’s treatment recalled the US treatment of Suharto, another 30- year friend, in 1998. And both the treatment of Mubarak and Suharto were starkly different from how the US had arranged safe passage to Hawaii when Marcos fell. Even the dregs of Cold War imperatives had a moderating influence on the US response at that time. But how the US treated Mubarak and the echoes it sounded with Suharto’s treatment, raised doubts about the reliability of US commitments at a time when China was emphasising its inescapable geographic reality to ASEAN. And despite President Obama’s attempts to “rebalance” US attention, the now more than usually turbulent Middle East will be a continuing distraction for his successors. 
 
I could go on multiplying examples, but there is no need to belabour the point. It is not my argument that the Myth of Universality was the only cause of these and other blunders. No country ever looks at the world only through a single lens. No country can pursue policies that are perfectly consistent with any principle. But the distortions  of  the  Myth  of  Universality  have  in  my  view  had  a  particularly deleterious effect on post-Cold War international relations. We should not underestimate the enduring power of its attraction. It is a mode of thought that I think originates in the monotheistic Christian traditions that are the foundations of even the most secular of western societies and so deeply a part of the western worldview and sense of self that nothing as mundane as empirical evidence of error can loosen its hold on the western imagination. If today the US again focuses less on what it considers the inadequacies of political systems in Southeast Asia, this is perhaps due more to the imperative of dealing with US-China competition and terror than any genuine change of mind. As it did during the Cold War, I think the US has only decided to bide its time. 
  
Nor are American dogmas the only ones to reckon with. American ideology may be disciplined by strategic realities, but Europe plays no significant strategic role in our region and therefore can afford the luxury of assuming moralistic postures. Not long before I retired it was my not entirely uncongenial duty to take to task a European diplomat who had crossed the boundary of acceptable diplomatic practice in his dealings with our opposition. No, it was not the French Ambassador. This was an experienced diplomat who knew full well that there is a difference between cultivating the opposition to gather information – this is acceptable diplomatic practice and our diplomats do so too — and interfering in our domestic politics by encouraging the opposition. He did so entirely conscious that he was crossing a boundary. He chanced his hand, hoping we would not notice. After our last general election it was reported to me that some other European diplomats  were grumbling because the natives – that’s us by the way — were not wise enough to vote in accordance with their preferences. Why should we? But as I said in an earlier lecture, it seems very difficult for the white man to lay down his burden. We have to understand the Myth of Universality because it is one of the many uncertainties – domestic and international -- that we will have to manage for the foreseeable future. 
  
Ladies & gentlemen, we are almost at the end of this long drawn-out torture that it pleases the Institute of Policy Studies and the Lee Kuan Yew School to call the IPS-Nathan Lectures.  My final lecture will examine how Singapore is affected by the broad post-Cold War international trends this and previous lectures have described, whether we can cope, and what we will need to do in do in order to cope. Thank you. 
  
It has been a long road, but the end is finally in sight. I thank all of you who were patient and hardy enough to have travelled it with me. I must also thank the Institute of Policy Studies for forcing me to shake off my natural sloth and crystallise my thoughts. 
 
Singapore is in much better shape than in 1965. Our economy is more robust and diversified, linked by a network of Free Trade Agreements (FTA) to the major economies. The SAF is strong and deterrence keeps our neighbourhood honest. We enjoy good relations with all the major powers. We have a wide and respected diplomatic network. Our city is safe with public services provided at a level of efficiency that is the envy of other cities. Of course, we are not perfect and as Mr Lee Kuan Yew has observed, Singaporeans are also champion grumblers.  
 
That we have this dubious distinction is perhaps a measure of success. Some years ago, we had flash floods in Orchard Road. A Vietnamese friend happened to be in Singapore for an ASEAN meeting. He had read in The Straits Times about floods in Singapore. Where? He asked. Outside your hotel, I replied. He laughed. In Hanoi we only call it floods when the water reaches our waist, he said. 
 
I am old enough to remember when we regularly had floods in my friend’s definition. I can remember a poor, disorderly, dirty Singapore without a proper sewage system and clean water for every household. I can remember riots and curfew. But I belong to probably the last generation that has personal experience of such a Singapore.  
 
Fifty years is only the blink of an eye in the history of a country. Our survival, let alone success and prosperity, was not preordained. It was in fact most improbable: the result of the government and people pulling together to defy the odds, much sweat and sacrifice, and a little luck. Can we cope with the many international and regional complexities of the post-Cold War world that previous lectures have outlined? Before I answer the question, let us remind ourselves of some of the enduring realities that confront a small city-state in Southeast Asia. 
 
The US shrugs off political dysfunctionalities to remain the preeminent global power.  China and Russia have endured traumas that would have caused small countries to vanish without a trace. Japan, Germany and South Korea have recovered from self-inflicted wounds that would have killed smaller countries. In Berlusconi’s Italy, politics was theatre, but Italy remains a member of the G-7. Cocooned by the EU, between 2010 and 2011, Belgium went without a government for almost 20 months. Indonesia absorbs governmental incoherence, inefficiency and corruption but remains relevant despite everything because it is big and rich in resources.    
 
Small states are vulnerable. The margin for error is narrow. The government’s role is essential. Thanks to what was achieved over the last 50 years, the threat is no longer that we will disappear as a sovereign and independent country, although that can never be entirely discounted. The threat is now more insidious. The danger is that our autonomy could be compromised even though we remain formally independent and sovereign. We will still have a flag and a seat in the United Nations (UN). No one will stop us from singing “Majulah Singapura”. But if we are clumsy in 
our external relationships or mishandle our domestic politics, the freedom to decide our own destiny could be severely circumscribed. That is in fact the condition of many small states who are members in the UN.   
 
Small city-states have no intrinsic relevance to the workings of the international system. Relevance is an artefact, created by human endeavour and having been created, must be maintained by human endeavour. The world will probably get along fine without a fully sovereign and independent Singapore. We perform no function that we did not in some way serve as a British colony and as part of Malaysia. Autonomy has enabled us to raise the level at which we perform such functions and prosper. But there is little reason to assume that we cannot in some way serve these functions even if we were under someone’s thumb. It need not be only the panda’s paw or eagle’s claw to which we may succumb.  
 
We are an anomaly in Southeast Asia. Singapore is a Chinese majority state in a region where typically, the Chinese are a less than entirely welcome minority. We organise ourselves on the basis of multiracial meritocracy in a region where other countries, explicitly or implicitly, typically organise themselves on the basis on the dominance of one ethnic group or another.  
 
This confronts us with a paradox: an anomaly can only remain relevant, survive and prosper by continuing to be an outlier. We cannot be just like our neighbours.  We cannot be only just as successful as our neighbours. If we were only just like them, why deal with us rather than bigger and more richly endowed countries? To be 
relevant, we have to be extraordinarily successful. But this does not endear us to our neighbours. 
 
The basic issue in our relations with our immediate neighbours, and in varying degrees with other countries in Southeast Asia, is not what we do but what we are: the implicit challenge that, by its very existence, a Chinese majority Singapore organised on the basis of multiracial meritocracy poses to systems organised on the basis of different and ultimately irreconcilable principles. That we have the temerity to be more successful, adds to the offence.  But we have no other choice. 
 
No one who is even minimally familiar with our neighbours should have any illusions that they mean to surpass us and put us in what they consider to be our proper place, which is not, believe me, where the sun shines on first. This attitude was virulently explicit when Dr Mahathir was Prime Minister of Malaysia but muted under Prime Minister Najib. Indonesia makes no secret of it, even though President Jokowi is not hostile to us. It is never absent even when relations are at their friendliest, not because they necessarily hate us, but to validate their own systems.  
 
This does not mean we cannot cooperate with our neighbours. We must, we can and we do. But we must do so from a position of strength. Strength is not to be defined in purely military terms. The SAF is of course vitally important. But strength, success and relevance must first of all be defined in economic terms. To put it crassly, small countries will always have fewer options and operate on narrower margins than big countries, but rich small countries will have more options than poor small countries. 
The management of the paradox I set out a moment ago lies at the heart of our foreign policy. It prescribes our most fundamental approaches: maintaining an omnidirectional balance in Southeast Asia by facilitating the engagement of all major powers in our region, while fostering regional cooperation through ASEAN; maintaining our economic edge and keeping our powder dry. It is a delicate balancing act. 
  
What could make us trip and fall? To adapt a phrase from the great American folk philosopher, Pogo: I have met the enemy and he is us. 
 
I am quoting from a comic strip by the late Walt Kelly. But my point is a serious one. We can cope with the more complicated post-Cold War external environment provided we get our internal environment right. A successful foreign policy must always and everywhere rest on a sound domestic foundation. There are three aspects: politics, policy and social cohesion.  
 
Ideally politics should stop at water’s edge. This is an ideal realised nowhere on earth. It is therefore not surprising that in Singapore, partisan politics has begun to creep into foreign policy. Political debate over foreign policy is not necessarily a bad thing if it is conducted within, and leads to a domestic consensus on, the parameters of what is possible and not possible for a small city-state in Southeast Asia.  
 
In countries with long histories, partisan debates over foreign policy are generally conducted within such a framework of shared assumptions, often unconscious, on 
what ought to be in the fundamental interests of the country irrespective of which party holds power. With only 50 years of history, I am not sure we have a framework of shared assumptions about the national interest in Singapore. Perhaps we will develop one in time. But so far the manner in which the opposition has approached foreign policy does not inspire confidence that they have any concept of the fundamental national interest – that should hold irrespective of partisan ambition – or that they really understand Singapore’s place in our region and the world. 
 
In 2013, Mr Pritam Singh of the Worker’s Party, who should have known better, asked a question in Parliament about our Middle East policies that could have stirred up the feelings of our Malay-Muslim ground against the government. He did not do his homework. It is not difficult to demonstrate that Singapore has been consistently even-handed in our relations with Israel and Palestine.  
 
The Arab countries understand our position and have no issue with our relations with Israel.  Some years before I retired, I was in an Arab country for talks with my counterpart. It happened to be during Operation Cast Lead, the Gaza War of 2008-2009. The Israel Defense Forces had moved into Gaza to stop rocket attacks against civilian targets in Israel.  Horrific pictures of death and destruction were splashed across the front page of that country’s English language newspaper. I went to the talks expecting a earful about the inequities of Israel. And I indeed got a earful – for about five minutes. My counterpart spent most of the rest of our hour-long meeting talking about the threat that Iran’s nuclear programme and the Shia posed in the Middle East. And as he walked me out after the meeting, my counterpart whispered 
to me, tell your friend not to wait too long. I don’t think he was referring to the US because America is his country’s friend too. 
 
If the Arab countries do not think that our relations with Israel and our position on Palestine are problems, why was the Workers’ Party asking questions about our Middle East policy? Was it to try and stir our Malay-Muslim ground against the government? Will Singapore benefit if Singaporean Muslims become alienated from the government or non-Muslim Singaporeans? The answers ought to be obvious. But the following year Mr Singh again asked another question in Parliament about our Middle East policy that could have inflamed our Malay-Muslim ground.  
 
Nor is the Workers’ Party the only opposition party to play fast and loose with foreign policy for partisan purposes.  
 
On 29th January this year, coincidently the day I delivered my first lecture in this series, The Straits Times published a letter from Dr Paul Tambyah in his capacity as a member of the Central Executive Committee of the Singapore Democratic Party (SDP). The SDP has advocated a reduction in our defence budget in favour of health-spending and Dr Tambyah was responding to a PAP MP’s parliamentary speech about this policy. One of the arguments that he advanced in support of the SDP’s position was so breathtakingly naive or so breathtakingly irresponsible that it is worth quoting.  
 
“Singapore has a long history of being non-aligned in our foreign policy”, Dr Tambyah wrote. “Such an approach has served us well. Getting overly entangled in regional conflicts, especially through military means, may not be in the interests of the people of Singapore”. 
 
I agree that Singapore should not get entangled in military conflicts if at all possible. But the purpose of a strong SAF is to deter; that is to say to prevent military conflicts from breaking out in the first place, and if deterrence should fail, to prevail. If the good doctor really thinks that being non-aligned is an adequate substitute for deterrence through a strong SAF, he ought to consult a doctor of another sort without delay: a psychiatrist. 
 
You cannot remain safe by shutting your eyes to unpleasant realities, lying low and hoping for the best. Being non-aligned did not save Sihanouk’s Cambodia or Souvanna Phouma’s Laos from getting entangled in military conflicts with very tragic consequences for their peoples. Contrary to what Dr Tambyah seems to think, Singapore is a member of the Non-Aligned Movement (NAM) not because it makes us feel safe, but because we are vulnerable.  
 
It is precisely because a small city-state gives itself hostage to fortune if it ignores the possibility of military conflict, that we cannot concede any forum to any possible adversary. If deterrence fails and conflict breaks out, we must mobilise the diplomatic support of the 120 members of NAM to try and shape a political context in the UN which will enable the SAF to do its job as expeditiously as possible. Every war must 
eventually end. The political context within which a war was fought will be a significant influence on whether the conflict will end on the best possible terms. Many wars have been won on the battlefield only to be lost at the negotiating table. War and diplomacy are not alternatives; they are different sides of the same coin that complement each other.  
 
We live in a region that for all the reasons I advanced in my previous lectures, is going to become more uncertain. One of my previous lectures analysed the strengths and limitations of ASEAN. Regional cooperation is not a substitute for a strong defence; it is the stability in relationships created by a credible deterrent force that makes regional cooperation possible. 
 
As our population ages, we will certainly need to devote more of our budget to healthcare and other social spending. The government has predicted that by FY2020, healthcare spending alone will outstrip defence spending. How is this to be financed? Obviously we will need to continue to grow to afford more social spending. We cannot live on our reserves indefinitely. But how are we going to grow in order to afford more social spending?  
 
The SDP and other opposition parties have never given any answer to this question that I have found convincing. The results of the last general election and the recently concluded by-election suggest that my scepticism is shared by many. Dr Tambyah’s boss in the SDP, Mr Chee Soon Juan, has written articles attacking our FTAs, as if 
the people of a small city-state could make a living by taking in one another’s laundry.  
 
A city-state with a small domestic market has no other economic choice but to be open to the world. Openness could well accentuate our vulnerabilities. All the more reason why the insurance policy of a strong deterrent is vital. If a strong deterrent can be maintained at lower cost, well and good. But would we be a desirable economic partner or an attractive investment destination if we could not defend ourselves? 
 
This brings me to policy and the role of the civil service. The traditional role of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MFA) of every country is to be the principal interlocutor of the country with the world. This concept of diplomacy is obsolete.  
 
No MFA anywhere can now be the sole or even the main interlocutor of a country with the world. Of course, there are some things that only MFAs can do. But after the Cold War the distinction that used to be made in international relations between “high politics” and “low politics” is blurring. Any MFA that tries to be a country’s main interlocutor with the world is bound to fail its country: it can only pursue defensive interests – essentially just say “no” – because it will lack the domain knowledge to advance positive interests across the broad range of often highly technical issues that are now prominent on the international agenda, many of which span traditional bureaucratic boundaries. 
 
This is confronting civil services across the world with unfamiliar challenges. All domestic agencies now have to engage internationally. There is no important policy domain that is now entirely “domestic”. The only question is the degree to which an issue is “international”. Within a country’s civil service, agencies are being compelled to work with each other in new ways. This requires not just new structures and processes; that is the easy part.  More crucially, it requires them to learn new ways of thinking and acting. This is difficult. Inertia is not a force to be underestimated in all bureaucracies. Any experienced civil servant anywhere can readily find reasons why something new should not be done, and as effortlessly find ways of presenting existing practice as new. 
 
How does Singapore do?  I can say accurately and without false modesty that the civil service of which I was proud to be a part, does not do badly. We do better than other civil services in East Asia and generally better than many civil services across the world, including those of larger and more developed countries. But is this good enough for a small city-state in the more complicated external environment that we will face? There is room for improvement. 
 
A more uncertain external environment and the strategic imperative of avoiding being forced to make invidious choices or foreclose options in the midst of heightened US-China competition, places a premium on what have always been imperatives for the foreign policy of a small city-state: alertness, agility and an appreciation of nuance. But there are certain features of the way in which our civil 
service is currently organised that may have begun to degrade these qualities at a time when they are becoming even more important.  
 
I am not referring to big decisions taken deliberately by our political leadership as foreign policy decisions or to decisions taken with consciousness of their external implications. Here I think our current structures and processes do quite well.  
 
The challenge is more subtle. In a previous lecture I argued that a new US-China modus vivendi will not be determined by a deliberate process of negotiation but will be the consequence of many ad hoc responses to situations taken at various levels and in different domains. Similarly, I am concerned about the accumulation of many small decisions perhaps with no obvious foreign policy implications, taken by different parts of the civil service for sound institutional reasons, but the cumulative effect of which may one day place us in an external position we do not want or intend to be.  
 
Although the civil service now stresses a “Whole of Government” approach, it is my impression that – left to their own devices – agencies tend to take a more narrowly transactional approach in their institutional interests and hence in some ways operate more in institutional silos, today than when I joined the civil service. This degrades nimbleness, narrows vision and is making us risk averse. It is always safer to remain within institutional boundaries. 
 
It took me about a year or so to get an inter-agency consensus for Singapore to join the Kyoto Protocol on climate change and this was an international agreement that imposed absolutely no obligations on Singapore.  We subsequently did very well in arriving at national positions for the complex negotiations in the Conference of Parties (COPS) to the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change, which could serve as a model for inter-agency discussions on national positions. But this was after a Deputy Prime Minister was placed in charge of the process.  
 
The issues in COPS certainly warranted that level of political attention. Most bureaucracies operate better top down and we are no exception. But as our domestic politics places ever increasing demands on our elected leaders, they will have less time to devote to lower order decisions. Yet it is the accumulation of such lower order decisions that could lead us to places we do not want to go. Slowly, but I fear steadily, the central organising concept of our civil service is eroding the alertness, agility and appreciation of nuance that we will need to cope with a more complex external environment. 
 
Let me give you two examples: 
. In 2011, MFA concluded that Singapore should try to become an Observer in the Arctic Council. Global warming could eventually change sea routes with potentially profound implications for us. It was only prudent to have early warning of what could become possible in the Arctic. The criteria for Observership spanned several agencies. Their responses were luke-warm. It was the long odds against a small tropical island succeeding and the 


lack of any immediate institutional advantage that put them off. MFA decided to go ahead alone and placed one of our most wily and experienced Ambassadors in charge. Only when his efforts began to gain traction did other agencies come on board. Singapore was elected as an Observer in 2013.  


 
. In 2014, the SAF conducted a military exercise with the People’s Liberation Army (PLA) in the Nanjing Military Region in China. We must build a relationship with the PLA as part of our overall engagement with a rising China. The Nanjing Military Region is responsible for Taiwan, with which we have long-standing unofficial ties. The headquarters of the PLA Navy’s East Sea Fleet which covers the Senkaku/Diaoyu islands, whose sovereignty is disputed by China and Japan, is located at Ningbo within the region. The PLA then had six other military regions. Nothing was said, but eyebrows must have been raised in Tokyo and Taipei and perhaps Washington too, at the choice of Nanjing. 


 
None of these episodes resulted in irreversible damage to Singapore’s interests. But they are symptoms, the ultimate cause of which is, I think, the concept around which our civil service is organised.  
 
At the apex of our civil service is the Administrative Service. This is based on the idea that senior public service leaders should be generalists, capable of taking on a range of appointments in different domains. Most senior appointments in the Ministries and Statutory Boards are filled by Administrative Service Officers rather 
than officers from specialist services. In my view, very few people can be equally good at everything. I for example, would have been utterly useless in any other Ministry than MFA.  
 
The idea that generalists make the best senior public service leaders is based on a prior, perhaps largely unconscious, assumption: that there is only one type of logic that is valid across all domains. This is an assumption that leads to mistakes in domestic policy and is particularly antithetical to the requirements of a successful foreign policy.  
 
A world of sovereign states is a world of different and competing logics because in principle, a sovereign recognises no authority except its own. I do not want to push the point too far. In practice, states hold many basic assumptions in common. Otherwise international relations as we know it would not be possible. But this still leaves a lot of space for what I termed the “Rashomon phenomenon” to operate within the ever shifting kaleidoscope of possibilities that is the world of foreign policy. This is not a world that the Administrative Service generally finds congenial because control of events is not in its hands. But every Ministry must now, at least to some degree, be responsible for conducting diplomacy. 
 
In a world of competing logics, it is the function of diplomacy to reconcile logics or at least minimise friction between different logics, or when logics are irreconcilable, to ensure that your logic prevails. This requires first to recognise and accept that there are other valid logics than one’s own. Every successful diplomat from any country I 
have met has one quality in common: empathy. By empathy I do not mean warm and fuzzy feelings but the ability to see the world through another’s eyes and think as he does, the better to persuade him or out-manoeuvre him. This is not something that comes naturally to many Singapore civil servants. 
 
I do not want to leave you with the impression that all is lost. All is not lost. Our elected leaders understand that policies that are not or cannot be communicated in political logic – that is to say a logic that will appeal to and can be understood by the intended audience – are policies that will fail. Political communication is improving. I am less confident however that this has yet been adequately hoisted in by all senior civil servants.  
 
Still, where politicians go, the civil service must eventually follow.  The idea that the civil service is or ought to be politically neutral or independent is a myth. A “politically neutral” or independent civil service is to be found nowhere on earth. This is for the simple reason that the civil service is always and everywhere the instrument of the government in power. The civil service has a responsibility to give its political masters objective advice. But that is not the same thing as being “politically neutral”. The civil service is obliged to carry out the instructions of the government irrespective of whether those instructions are in accordance with its advice.  
 
I find it remarkable that so many people, even some civil servants, do not seem to understand the relationship of the civil service to the government. Perhaps they do not want to understand. 
 
But ours is a pragmatic system that changes when it must. In 2013, a new programme was introduced that enabled members of specialist services to be appointed to senior positions hitherto reserved for members of the Administrative Service. This was in effect an admission that the assumption that there is only one sort of logic valid across all domains is wrong. It was a good first step. What is not clear to me is whether individuals chosen to take up senior positions under the new programme must leave their own services and join the Administrative Service in order to do so, or if allowed to remain in their own services, be remunerated on par with Administrative Service Officers holding similar appointments. Unless this is so, a caste may be perpetuated.  
 
The mindset of a caste is dangerous for a city-state. C. P. Snow attributed the decline of another city-state to its prior success: “They were fond of the pattern”, he said of Venice. “They never found the will to break it.”   
 
None of this is a criticism of any individual. My criticism is of a system that incentivises certain modes of thought and certain patterns of behaviour. There is no doubt that the system is changing. Whether it will change fast enough and far enough is another question. But even within the existing system there are always exceptions: my two immediate predecessors and my successor in MFA are examples.  
 
In case any of you are wondering, I have held these views throughout my career and never made any secret of them.  The Public Service Division (PSD) was probably relieved when I retired. I found the PSD’s announcement of my retirement in 2013 tellingly amusing. It said I had 31 years of service. But I joined the Foreign Service in 1981 and was shanghaied into the Administrative Service only in 1983. Do the math. It was as if the PSD by some Kafkaesque conjuration had caused the time I spent as a Foreign Service Officer to vanish. In fact nobody seemed to be able to make up their minds about how long I served: the customary letters and certificates of appreciation I received all credited me with different lengths of service. Changing mindsets is always difficult. 
 
Now, social cohesion. The US and China will take many years to reach a new modus vivendi. I doubt either will eschew any instrument as they compete for influence in our region. Our politics is becoming more complicated; the political space is more crowded with civil-society organisations and advocacy groups as well as opposition parties, all vying to shape policies. This is a favourable environment for external parties to try to cultivate agents of influence which need not always be witting. As the only country in Southeast Asia with an ethnic Chinese majority population and arguably the most cosmopolitan and Westernised elite, Singapore faces unique vulnerabilities. 
 
My last lecture recounted how we once had to expel an American diplomat for trying to interfere in our domestic politics and alluded to the attitudes and activities of some European diplomats as well. Were these exceptional incidents never to be repeated 
since they had been caught with their hands in the cookie jar? I doubt it. The attitudes that gave rise to these episodes are so fundamentally a part of the Western sense of self that they will never go away. But now that the fierce glow of post-Cold War hubris has been dampened by its Middle Eastern misadventures in nation-building, and with China a growing preoccupation, I doubt too that the US has much appetite for trying to effect political change in Singapore in the same way as they tried in the late 1980s. At least for now, the Americans, and the Europeans, will indulge their missionary instincts with occasional meddling in second or third order issues. 
 
They will have opportunities to do so. The culture wars are upon us. Some part of our population is clearly attracted to western attitudes towards such issues as the death penalty and LGBT rights. Are these Singaporeans typical? I share some – only some, not all – of their attitudes but I don’t think so. Most Singaporeans are much more conservative. In any case, fundamentalist versions of both Islam and Christianity are not absent in Singapore too and have very different attitudes which cannot be ignored whatever we may think of them. These issues are not going to be resolved anytime soon. Sooner or later some Western diplomat blinded by ideology to our social and cultural fault lines, will again breach acceptable diplomatic conduct by trying to tip the balance in favour of some group he thinks shares values he believes to be universal. We’ll just have to paddle their bottoms when we catch them. 
 
China poses a more delicate and fundamental challenge.  A previous lecture had drawn attention to the manner in which growing economic ties with China were 
changing calculations of interests in Southeast Asia and even in US allies such as Australia. China’s relationship with the overseas Chinese communities of Southeast Asia is a closely related issue.  
 
Two years ago, the Seventh Conference of Friendship of Overseas Chinese Associations was held in Beijing. President Xi Jinping’s speech at that conference was entitled “The Rejuvenation of the Chinese Nation is a Dream Shared by All Chinese” [emphasis added]. The specifics of the relationship of overseas Chinese communities to the Chinese Communist Party’s (CCP) narrative of “The Great Rejuvenation” beyond the obvious contributions to China’s growth were not, undoubtedly deliberately, defined in detail. But the boundaries of the concept of “nation” are wide enough and vague enough to leave a lot of room for what was left unsaid. At the end of his speech, President Xi called upon the overseas Chinese to “better integrate themselves into their local communities.” But the emotionally charged language of the speech made clear enough that the CCP also has other expectations. President Xi described overseas Chinese as “members of the Chinese family”, rejuvenation as a “shared dream”, enjoined them to “never forget … the blood of the Chinese nation flowing in their veins” and called upon them to promote “understanding” to “create a better environment for achieving the Chinese dream”.   
 
Historically, China’s approach towards the overseas Chinese of Southeast Asia has waxed and waned according to China’s shifting objectives. Southeast Asia was once an area of intense competition between the CCP and Kuomintang (KMT) for the allegiance of overseas Chinese. By the mid-1950s, with the KMT penned in on 
Taiwan and wanting to cultivate friends at the Afro-Asian Bandung Conference, China disavowed responsibility for overseas Chinese communities in Southeast Asia, telling them to be good citizens of the countries in which they resided. That did not stop the CCP from using “United Front” tactics during the 1950s and 1960s to advance the interests of the Southeast Asian communist parties it supported, notably the Malayan Communist Party which consisted mainly of ethnic Chinese.  
 
When Vietnam with the support of the Soviet Union invaded and occupied Cambodia in 1979, the imperatives of Sino-Soviet competition and rallying ASEAN against Vietnam took priority. China ceased all support for Southeast Asian communist parties. The Cambodian issue preoccupied China in Southeast Asia throughout the 1980s. The priority was consolidating official relations with the ASEAN governments. From the 1990s, with Cambodia out of the way, China turned its attention to deepening and consolidating economic and diplomatic ties with Southeast Asia. The overseas Chinese communities were then largely regarded as a source of investment and economic expertise.  
 
In 1998, vicious anti-Chinese riots broke out in Jakarta during the run-up to Suharto’s fall. China issued a mild admonition to Jakarta to treat Indonesian Chinese better and punish those responsible. Mild as it was, this broke with the practice of 40 years. Last year, shortly after racially fraught demonstrations in Kuala Lumpur, the Chinese Ambassador to Malaysia made his way to Chinatown and close to where police had to use water-cannons to break-up a potentially violent anti-Chinese demonstration, pronounced the Chinese government’s opposition to, among other things, any form 
of racial discrimination, adding for good measure that Beijing would not stand idly by if anything threatened China’s relations with Malaysia.  
 
What was the Ambassador trying to do? Was he really trying to help the Malaysian Chinese? If he was, I don’t think he did them any favours. Or was he trying to highlight China’s clout in the context of rising competition with the US? I think so. The Chinese Foreign Ministry Spokesperson defended his actions as “normal”. 
 
This apparent shift towards positioning China as the protector of Southeast Asian Chinese has created many uncertainties with direct implications for Singapore. If anti-Chinese violence should again break out in Indonesia or Malaysia – a possibility that unfortunately cannot be ruled out – how would Beijing respond? Since China has associated the overseas Chinese with the CCP’s narrative of the “Great Rejuvenation”, can Beijing still respond in as carefully calibrated a manner as it did in 1998? Will its own people let it do so? In 1998, the internet was in its infancy in China. There are now some 700 million netizens in China, easily aroused through social media. How will China’s response affect our neighbours’ attitudes towards us? How would non-Chinese Singaporeans react? After 50 years does our collective Singapore identity now override ethnic identities?  
 
Chinese leaders and officials refer to Singapore as a “Chinese country” who should therefore “understand” China better and hint at their generosity if we should “explain” China to other ASEAN countries. We politely but clearly and firmly point out that Singapore is not a “Chinese country”. We know all too well what they really mean by 
“understand” and “explain”. But they persist. The idea of a multiracial meritocracy is alien to China which seems incapable of conceiving of a Chinese majority country in any other way than as a “Chinese country” and a potential instrument of its policy. 
 
This mode of thought is deeply embedded in Chinese culture and political practice and will not change. As China becomes more confident and assertive, it will probably become more insistent. It would be prudent not to underestimate the resonance that the idea of Singapore as a “Chinese country” linked to a rising China could have with some sections of our population. We are not immune to these visceral seductions or to the economic inducements that some other ASEAN countries have eagerly embraced. There are many potential avenues through which China could bypass the government to try and directly exercise influence on our people. China still has a United Front Work Department under the CCP’s Central Committee. 
 
If we were ever foolish enough to accept – or are compelled to concede to – the characterisation of Singapore as a “Chinese country”, this would not only provoke a counter-reaction from other major powers; more critically, the multiracial compact of social cohesion which is the foundation of independent Singapore’s success would be at least severely strained if not entirely broken. Once lost, this foundation will be extremely difficult, perhaps impossible, to rebuild. But it would also be foolish to alienate China which must be a significant factor in our economic future. Maintaining a good relationship with China, while preserving the autonomy to pursue our interests as we define them is the fine line we must walk. 
 
We have so far managed this delicate balancing act. But Singapore is only 50 years old. I doubt all our compatriots fully understand the complexity of the contradictory forces at play upon us. Many younger Singaporeans who take the only Singapore they have known for granted, are sceptical about our inherent vulnerability. Some dismiss vulnerability as a scare tactic designed to keep the PAP in power.  
 
Since we do not yet have a self-correcting internal equilibrium, sooner or later equilibrium may have to be enforced by the coercive powers that are the legitimate monopoly of the state, including the powers of the Internal Security Act (ISA). It would at least be prudent to keep such instruments in reserve and not discard them as some opposition parties would naively have us do. The use of the ISA for this purpose will almost certainly be depicted as “political” by those who seek its abolition and cause problems for us with the US and Europe. But that would be the lesser cost. 
 
We need to do a much better job of national education and are paying a price for deemphasising history in our national curriculum. What now passes as national education is ritualised, arousing as much cynicism as understanding. Knowledge of our own history should not be only a matter for specialists. The controversy over the 1963 Operation Coldstore and whether those detained were part of the communist United Front exposed the extent to which the public lacuna of understanding may allow puerile and pernicious views to gain currency. Our understanding of history must of course be constantly revised. But critical historical thinking is not just a matter of braying black when the established view is white. This was not just an 
academic exercise. For some, it was a politically motivated attempt to cast doubt on the government’s overall credibility by undermining the government’s narrative on one particular historical event. I understand that steps are being taken to revise our history curriculum. It will take time for this to have an effect but the problem is at least recognised. 
 
Ladies & Gentlemen, mine is a counsel of realism not despair. I am not pessimistic about Singapore’s ability to cope with the complexities ahead of us. We have coped with far worse with far less on our side. We will cope if we continue to be clinical in our understanding of our own situation and hard-headed about what may need to be done. We will fail only if we lose our sense of vulnerability because that is what keeps us united, agile and alert. Thank you very much for listening to me. 

When I joined the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MFA) as a very junior officer more years ago than I care to remember, Mr Rajaratnam was our Foreign Minister and MFA was located at City Hall across the Padang. That building is soon to be our new art museum, a use that Mr Rajaratnam would have approved of as he also served as our Culture Minister.

As a new officer, I was told a story by my seniors. When Singapore became unexpectedly independent, Mr Rajatnam was appointed our first Foreign Minister and shortly afterwards was asked to give a press conference to a group of foreign journalists. We were totally unprepared for independence and had never anticipated having to have a foreign policy. ‘What’, the story goes, ‘shall I tell them? ’ Mr Rajaratnam asked our then Prime Minister Mr Lee Kuan Yew. Back came the answer, ‘Never mind Raja, just wear a tie and you’ll think of something.’

The story may well be apocryphal, but the moral of the story is nevertheless relevant. Mr Rajaratnam, together with Mr Lee Kuan Yew, Dr Goh Keng Swee and other first generation leaders, established the fundamentals of our foreign policy on a blank slate, improvising amidst the tumultuous events of those times. It is testimony to their foresight that those fundamentals still serve us well today. Operationally, the story was an example to all Singapore Foreign Service officers of the importance of quick thinking and nimbleness. Small countries have few options in international affairs and no small country can survive without cultivating such attributes.

What are those fundamentals? Mr Rajaratnam laid them out on 21st September 1965 in the very first speech he gave to the United Nations General Assembly. The speech was only three typewritten pages long, a model of clear and succinct writing. But its importance bears no relation to its length. I do not propose to repeat all he said. The speech is a public document and what he said has been elaborated many times, including by former President Nathan, former Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew, by former Foreign Ministers, Professor Jayakumar and Mr Wong Kan Seng, and just a few days ago by Emeritus Senior Minister Goh Chok Tong, in the public lecture series that bears Mr Rajaratnam’s name. But let me summarise and focus on two of what I consider the most important themes.

First, we wish to live as an independent country in peace with all countries, in particular our neighbours, in accordance with the principles of the United Nations Charter. And we do this not out of what Mr Rajaratnam called “vague idealism” but out of “practical self-interest”; and while we pursue a policy of non-alignment vis-à-vis the great powers, we would not be non-aligned with regard to these principles. But Mr Rajaratnam also stressed in that speech that South East Asia was a traditional battleground for the great powers, as indeed it still is today. Situated as we are in such a region, we cannot behave as Mr Rajaratnam famously said in a different speech on another occasion, like a nun that had wandered by accident into a red-light district. Principle must be tempered by clinical realism.

Secondly, we are a multiracial society, and, I quote Mr Rajaratnam: “no one people or culture has a monopoly of wisdom”. Mr Rajaratnam was of course also the author of our National Pledge which embodies the commitment to multiracialism. In foreign policy terms, I interpret the commitment to multiracialism as a commitment to the national interest rather than the interests of any particular community. From time to time, international issues arise that have a particular resonance for one group or another of Singaporeans. But we cannot and should not privilege the interests of any one segment of our society over another. The importance of the national interest is the thread that runs through the entire speech; it is the foundation of the realism that shapes and gives specific form to abstract principle, and is the abiding guide of our foreign policy.

The national interest is a particularly vital concept today when the world is rent by sectarianisms of various kinds from which we cannot insulate ourselves; when consequently the ‘culture wars’ are upon us in various ways, not necessarily only in foreign policy issues, although in an interdependent world – and this is a concept that Mr Rajaratnam stressed in his speech well before it became fashionable – no domestic issue is without its international dimension, and when increasingly I see some quarters succumbing to the temptation to use foreign policy for partisan political advantage. Domestic politics ought to stop at water’s edge.

This is a precept that all countries ignore only at their own peril. But the risks are greatest for small countries with little room for manoeuvre because partisanship in foreign policy erodes the nimbleness that is so vital to small countries.

Ladies and gentlemen, Mr Wong and other members of the Board of the S. Rajaratnam Endowment have already spoken on how the Endowment intends to put into practice the values and principles that Mr Rajaratnam stood for and I will not bore you by repeating what they have already said. Let me therefore just join them in promising that I will do my best for the Endowment and for the values that Mr Rajaratnam stood for.

Thank you for your attention.

When your Principal, in a reckless act of folly, asked me to be Guest-of-Honour at this 189th Founder’s Day, my first instinct was to do us both a favour and refuse. But I hesitated and in an instant was lost. The temptation to savour the irony was too great.  For what I am about to say, I absolve her of all responsibility.

My comrades and I spent our six years in Raffles Institution waging insurgency against all established authority. At a very tender age one of our teachers told us we were all born to be hanged. And if that extreme did not come to pass — perhaps I should say, has not yet come to pass — several of us were at least caned. Our then Principal failed to achieve his dearest ambition of getting us all expelled only due to our dumb luck.

So here I stand before you, living testimony to the role of chance and serendipity in life; a role more often than not insufficiently acknowledged if not ignored, particularly by Singaporeans of a certain ilk…

I do not think that there is any particular meaning, pattern or direction, divine or secular, in the drift of human events. History, as Winston Churchill is reported to have remarked, is just one damned thing after another. The innocent die young and the wicked flourish; and not necessarily in equal measure either because to the wicked the innocent are often prey…

None of us asked to be born. Yet having had life thrust upon us, we must, unless bent on suicide, nevertheless live. Although we can only, if dimly and darkly, know backwards, we have to live forwards.

No one can live in a constant Hamlet-like state of  existential doubt. We must profess a certainty that we do not necessarily feel…

I am sure that by now many of you are harbouring a thought that you are too well brought up to speak out loud: this idiot exaggerates…

So let me restate my essential point in a different way…Sincerity is an over-rated virtue, if indeed it is a virtue.

All of you may be suddenly seized with the sincere conviction that that pigs should fly. But pigs will nevertheless never sprout wings no matter how devoutly you hope for them to escape the surly bonds of earth.

And if you, ignoring the possibility of error, sincerely believe that pigs ought to fly; or that God’s Will has been revealed to you; or that you are one of the elect to whom the direction of History’s cunning passages has been vouchsafed, then it is but a tiny step to being convinced that anyone who does not share your conviction is not just ignorant but evil. Then for the greater glory of PIGS or HISTORY or GOD, all spelt in capital letters, it is only a tinier further step to seeing it as your bounden DUTY, again spelt with capitals, to expunge the evil…

Rather than sincerity, if we want to do some trifling and ephemeral good or at least to minimize harm, we should approach  life with an ironic and humane scepticism…

I have chosen to dwell on this at what you may consider inordinate length, because Raffles Institution likes to consider itself unique. Ladies and Gentlemen, I am sorry to inform you that RI is no longer unique.

You are now only one of a number of similar elite educational institutions from which will come a disproportionate number of scholarship recipients and a disproportionate number of leaders in the civil service, the professions, business, the Arts and the academy. And all these institutions are united by a certain sense of entitlement, possibly so profound as to be quite unconscious.

I do not blame you for this. All of you are highly intelligent. You will be very well educated. And the odds are that you will be more than averagely successful in your careers.

But understand that you will therefore also be more vulnerable to the curse of the highly intelligent, highly educated and highly successful: this curse is the illusion of certainty; the conviction of the omnipotence of your ideas…

I certainly have no answers. As you, the anointed ones, ready yourselves to assume authority and responsibility under these challenging circumstances. I can do no more than to remind you of what Sir Olivier Cromwell wrote to the Synod of the Church of Scotland in 1650. He was trying to persuade the Scots not to embrace the Royalist cause of King Charles the Second and so avert civil war.

Gentlemen, he wrote, “I beseech you, in the bowels of Christ” — and I should explain that in the 17th Century the bowels were considered to be the seat of pity or the gentler emotions — Gentlemen, Cromwell wrote, “I beseech you, in the bowels of Christ, think it possible that you may be mistaken”.

So, Ladies and Gentlemen of the 21st Century, I beseech you from whatever portion of anatomy you consider most dear, think it possible that you may be mistaken.

Before I conclude, you may wish to know how it all ended.

Cromwell’s advice was not heeded. Shortly thereafter, the third English Civil War broke out. This set in motion a historical trajectory of political, social and economic changes that led to modern Britain, the industrial revolution, the East India Company, Sir Stamford Raffles, the British Empire, the founding of Singapore and ultimately, you and I.

And all because good advice fell on deaf years.

What better way to appreciate the irony and contingency of events than to ponder what may have happened if Cromwell’s advice was in fact taken and civil war avoided. And as you do so, consider also the possibility that you may be mistaken when you think you are mistaken.

And with that final paradox I will end.

Thank you for inviting me to join you in paying tribute to the memory and legacy of Mr Lee Kuan Yew.

My generation of Singapore Foreign Service officers were privileged to have had the opportunity to work with Mr Lee and his comrades: Dr Goh Keng Swee and Mr S Rajaratnam.

These three men defined the essentials of our foreign policy. Their ideas were formed by the imperatives of survival in the less than benign environment in which Singapore found itself on 10th August 1965, the morning after what was politely termed ‘Separation’.

My colleagues and I learnt our trade from them.

We did so in very humble capacities: taking notes at their meetings or seeing to the necessities of their travels, but still privileged to observe them at close quarters and absorb something of their modes of thought and operating style. It was a unique apprenticeship. Then as we assumed more senior positions, we came to understand a little more of their considerations by sitting-in on their policy discussions and even occasionally contributed our mite to their decisions.

Some of us had studied international relations as an academic subject before joining the Foreign Service. But after 35 years, I have concluded that any resemblance between what I had studied and what I eventually did for a living was purely coincidental. Our real education in the realities of the diplomacy of a small country only started when our professional lives were touched, however tangentially, by Mr Lee and his comrades.

The most valuable thing they imparted to us was a cast of mind.

Mr Rajaratnam, our first Foreign Minister, has described his first meeting with the international press as Foreign Minister. It was only a few days after we had independence thrust upon us. Relations with Malaysia were fraught with racial tension; Sukarno’s Indonesia was still fighting an undeclared war against us and to our north in Indochina, the Cold War had turned hot.

The newsmen were braying for information on how newly independent Singapore would conduct itself. ‘What’, Mr Rajaratnam told us he asked Mr Lee, ‘shall I tell them?’ ‘Just wear a tie, Raja”, was the answer, ‘you’ll think of something’.

Big countries may delude themselves about being always in control of events. Small countries cannot afford such illusions. For small countries, foreign policy is usually a series of not always neat or consistent improvisations to a messy and unpredictable reality. The future can at best be only dimly glimpsed and in any case cares not a whit for your concerns. So you must pragmatically adapt yourself to it.

One must of course set goals. But having done so, more often than not the most one can do is keep a distant star in sight as one tacks hither and tither to avoid treacherous reefs or to scoop up opportunities that may drift within reach.

Successful navigation requires a clinical – indeed cold-blooded – appreciation of the world as it is and not as you may wish it to be. This is harder than you may think. Diplomacy is an area of human endeavour that is more than usually susceptible to self-deception and wishful thinking.

Mr Lee and his comrades were not devoid of idealism. Singapore as it is today would not otherwise exist. They risked their lives to make it so.

But idealism must be rooted in a hard-headed understanding of the realities of human nature and power. Without power nothing can be achieved. And even with power not everything desirable will always be feasible. No matter how fervently one may wish that they may be liberated from the surly bonds of earth, pigs are never going to sprout wings and fly.

Understanding requires information. Mr Lee had intense intellectual curiosity. He sought information without regard for hierarchy. He was tolerant of alternate views or at any rate, he was tolerant of the young and brash desk officer as I then was who, too green to know that the tiger is dangerous, ventured on occasion to argue with him.

The tiger’s roar is fearsome and its fangs are sharp. Mr Lee sometimes tried to intimidate you into agreement. But if you stood your ground with reasoned arguments, he listened even if he did not agree. And I am here to tell the tale.

Mr Lee and his comrades were impatient of complexity for complexity’s sake; for the sake of showing off how clever one was. He did not suffer fools. If he sought a view, it was to be taken for granted you had something useful to say and would say it in the fewest possible words. And if you didn’t know, say so.

What Mr Lee and his comrades possessed to a greater degree than anyone else I have ever met, was an uncanny ability to zero into the core of even the most complicated problem or situation. They wielded Occam’s razor with great intellectual ruthlessness, slashing through the pious obfuscations which too often shroud international issues.

Margaret Thatcher once said of Mr Lee: ‘He was never wrong’. That is of course, not true. Nobody can be always right, particularly in international affairs where most of the time most of the factors are going to be unknown or only partially known and where even the effort to know may change what you are trying to know

But Mr Lee and his comrades were never shy about changing their minds. Again this is harder than you may think. Too often vested interests, stubbornness or just plain pride stands in the way. Too many people believe their own propaganda. Mr Lee and his comrades avoided this most common of pitfalls because their laser-like focus was always the national interest of Singapore. And they never confused ideology with interest.

Diplomacy is not all about being pleasant or making oneself agreeable. It is about defending and advancing the national interest, preferably by being pleasant and agreeable, but if necessary by any appropriate means. In this respect, having to stand your ground in the face of the tiger’s roar – and in the shadows of diplomatic politesse lurk many wild beasts – was another valuable lesson.

This is particularly so in Southeast Asia, where majority Chinese Singapore which organizes itself on the basis of multiracial meritocracy, is something of an anomaly. We live in a region where the Chinese are typically a minority and not a particularly welcome one, and where our neighbours organize themselves on the basis of very different principles.

Perhaps Mr Lee’s greatest mistake was, during the period when we were part of Malaysia, to underestimate the lengths to which the Malay leadership in Malaysia would go to defend ‘Ketuanan Melayu’ – Malay dominance. It was not a mistake that he or any of our leaders ever made again.

The basic issue in Singapore’s relations with our neighbours is existential: the implicit challenge that by its very existence a Chinese majority Singapore organized on the basis of multiracial meritocracy poses to systems organized on the basis of different and ultimately irreconcilable principles. That we have the temerity to be successful, adds to the offence.

None of this means we cannot cooperate with our neighbours: we must, we can and we do. But we must do so from a position of strength. Mr Lee was a lawyer and had a deep belief in the rule of law. Yet as a former Chief of the Malaysian Armed Forces has recounted, Mr Lee told him: “if PAS comes into power … and tries to meddle with the water in Johor Bahru, I’ll move my troops in. I will not wait for the Security Council to solve this little problem.”

But Mr Lee also once told an Israeli General who had helped start our armed forces that Singapore had learnt two things from Israel: how to be strong, and how not to use our strength; meaning that it is necessary to get along with neighbours and no country can live in perpetual conflict with its neighbours.

But we are different and we must remain different to survive. Small countries have no intrinsic relevance. To small countries, relevance is an artefact created by human endeavour and having been created, must be maintained by human endeavour. To remain relevant we cannot be ordinary. We cannot be just like our neighbours. We have to be extraordinary. Yet being extraordinary does not always endear us to our neighbours.

The management of this paradox lies at the heart of our foreign policy and prescribes our most fundamental approaches: maintaining balance in Southeast Asia by facilitating the engagement of all major powers in our region, while fostering regional cooperation through ASEAN and maintaining our edge and keeping our powder dry.

Singapore and Southeast Asia in 2015 is obviously not the same as Singapore and Southeast Asia in 1965. But some things do not change: our geopolitical situation and how our neighbours chose to organize themselves.

The parameters of choice for small countries are never overly broad. The approach that Mr Lee and his comrades bequeathed to my generation of Foreign Service Officers and which we have tried to impart to our successors, still serves us well.

Our environment is still complicated and perilous. The US and China are competing for influence with a greater than usual intensity as they grope towards a new accommodation with each other and the region. Malaysia is on a political trajectory that has heightened racial and religious tensions and may well lead to violence. The haze that regularly envelopes Southeast Asia is a reminder that post-Suharto Indonesia is still an incoherent and rent-seeking polity which has yet to reach a stable political equilibrium.

The key challenge is internal: that a new generation of Singaporeans will take the achievements of Mr Lee and his comrades for granted as the natural order of things and be persuaded that we are no longer vulnerable.

Some opposition politicians and their fellow travellers among the intelligentsia have tried to do just that. They either do not understand their own country and region or place their ambitions above the national interest. Fortunately, as the results of our recent General Election have demonstrated, the majority of my compatriots do not believe them.

The 21st century global order is becoming more uncertain. Events are unfolding at an accelerating pace and with greater than usual unpredictability, underscoring the role of chance and contingency in international affairs. Chance in international relations is not, as it is in your businesses, a matter of statistical probability: of odds that are, at least in principle, calculable. International affairs are conducted by sentient beings who observe, think and respond so that our every effort to act or comprehend alters what we seek to comprehend and every thought and action begets an ever shifting kaleidoscope of possibilities.

History, as Winston Churchill is reported to have observed, is just one damned thing after another. It is a delusion to believe that events have any particular direction or purpose. Contingencies are, however, not entirely open-ended. In international affairs, the possibilities are bounded by parameters imposed by the structure of the international system. The stronger and clearer the structure, the narrower the range of possibilities and hence the predictability of events. Of course, the future is always fundamentally unknowable and predictions about international events are always going to be as often wrong or only partially right as they are going to be accurate. And this includes the predictions I am about to share. We live in an age when long established parameters are shifting, creating greater than usual uncertainty. There are two dimensions to the changes of structure that are occurring.

First, for the last two hundred years or so, this was a western defined world. First Europe and subsequently the US and the Soviet Union – don’t forget that communism too is a western ideology – established the basic concepts, institutions and processes of international relations. For two centuries, the fundamental challenge confronting the non-western world was how to adapt to a western defined modernity. Modernity itself is a western concept. It is still the basic challenge facing most of Asia, Africa and Latin America.

Only a handful of countries, mainly in East Asia beginning with Meiji Japan in the 19th century, have successfully met the challenge. Post-Maoist China is the most important and influential example. Ironically, however, the very success of these countries is now transforming the system to which they successfully adapted. This poses new challenges to all of us, including, or perhaps particularly, in East Asia. A global transition of power and ideas is now underway. But transition to what no one can yet say. We know where we came from; where we are headed is still unclear.

Secondly, for almost half a century from the end of the Second World War in 1945 to the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991, international relations were shaped by the Cold War. That western civil war prescribed the fundamental structures of the international system. Whatever its dangers, and they were great, the Cold War had one virtue: clarity. The Cold War was the basic mental framework within which, whatever our other differences and irrespective of which side of the ideological divide we stood or even if we pretended to be non-aligned, we understood international affairs. That clarity is now gone.

A quarter of a century has passed since the Soviet Union imploded and the Cold War ended. Yet we still have no better way to describe the present era than by reference to the past and still call our times the ‘post-Cold War’. We live in an age without definition.

There is no clear alternative to the Cold War framework. In the closing decade of the 20th century, there was a brief unipolar moment during which one country – the US – seemed to hold all the levers of the world in its hands. Then Secretary of State Madeline Albright called the US the “indispensable nation” that saw further into the future than other countries. Francis Fukuyama, a Professor of political science who served in the State Department in the early 1990s, even rashly claimed that History had ended.

Hubris seldom goes unpunished. History took no notice of the good Professor’s theories and went rolling bloodily along. By the early years of the 21st century, the unipolar illusion dissolved in the chaos of the Middle East which, as usual, generates more than its fair share of History and certainly more than can be consumed locally. We will all have to live with the consequences of turmoil in Iraq, Libya and Syria -- caused by western interventions motivated at least partially by the Universalist delusions of that fleeting unipolar moment – for quite some time to come, how long no one knows.

And yet this is not a truly multipolar world if by ‘multipolarity’ we mean to suggest a rough parity of capability between the major powers. For all its troubles – and they are on stark display during the current Presidential campaign – the US still stands at the pinnacle of global power in all its dimensions: military, economic and affective, by which I mean what is known as ‘soft’ power, a term I dislike because there can be no ‘soft’ power without ‘hard’ power. The US is still the only truly global power.

The global order that the US created after the Second World War – often called the ‘liberal international order’ -- while fraying at its edges and now somewhat dysfunctional, is still substantially intact. In any case, there is no clear alternative at hand.

But the US now needs help to maintain the liberal international order. After the illusions of the immediate post-Cold War period dissipated, the US is in no mood to shoulder the burdens of global leadership alone. Historically there has been a tendency for the US to turn inwards after periods of intense external engagement, and the wars that the US choose to fight – but did not win – in the Middle East after 9/11 were the longest in American history, longer than the Korean or Vietnam wars, longer even than the Second World War. It is still fighting them.

With his slogan of ‘Change’, President Obama rode that mood into the White House. What has sustained Mr Donald Trump’s improbable Presidential campaign is a more virulent form of essentially the same mood. It will not suddenly disappear on the 9th of November. I have no doubt that the US will eventually recover. All who have underestimated American creativity and resolve have regretted it. Still whoever is the next President will have to deal with the new mood for some time to come, again for how long no one knows.

The US needed help to maintain international order during the Cold War as well. But without the clarity of the Cold War framework and without the strategic imperatives that it prescribed, there is no longer any compelling reason for any country – even formal US allies – to accept US leadership except on an ad hoc and partial basis. And who is able or is willing to provide sustained help?

Relations between the US and Europe were the central pillar of the liberal international order. But the end of the Cold War has deconstructed the idea of the ‘West’. Would the EU have taken the positions it did on Google, Apple and Amazon if there was still an overarching common strategic interest? Perhaps. But perhaps not with quite the same insistence. Negotiations over the Trans-Atlantic Trade and Investment Partnership have stalled. The most liberal American – and I use the term ‘liberal’ in its American sense of being willing to use state power to shape domestic social and economic outcomes – is less interventionist than the most conservative European, and again I use the term ‘conservative’ in its American sense of being for a minimal state.

In any case, the EU is too entangled in the internal contradictions of its own vision of Europe – a vision rejected by substantial numbers of Europeans themselves as Brexit and the rise of extreme right-wing, anti-EU movements on continental Europe demonstrate – to play any meaningful global role. It is moreover a vision of Europe that rests on the foundation of a social model that as a matter of actuarial certainty is unsustainable. Europe is as yet unwilling to directly confront and deal with this stark reality. The EU is trying to sustain a global role on the cheap through ‘soft’ power. It deceives only itself. European defence budgets remain low despite rising tensions with a resurgent Russia. NATO without the US is hollow. The EU’s so-called ‘common foreign and security policy’ is only a posture.

Are the so-called BRICS – Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa – the nucleus of a possible new international order? The BRICS now hold regular summits and other meetings and there is even a BRICS Bank. But I very much doubt so. Let us not forget that the term ‘BRICS’ was coined by a fund-manager as a marketing slogan designed to part the unwary from their money and is not a geopolitical concept. Much of the gloss has since worn off emerging markets and very little unites the BRICS except dissatisfaction with their status in the world and a desire for greater recognition. But the sources and intensity of their dissatisfactions and hence their ambitions are not similar and are often contradictory.

Most BRICS are regional and not global powers. India may have global ambitions but not yet capability. Two -- Russia and China – have formal global roles as Permanent Members of the UN Security Council. But Russia is a dissatisfied power, resentful at its post-Cold War loss of status. The West made a strategic mistake in treating post-Soviet Russia condescendingly as a defeated country, ignoring its legitimate security concerns. Russia may be on a long-term downward trajectory but Moscow has played a weak hand with great skill in Ukraine and Syria to frustrate western designs.

Many in the West attribute Russian hostility to President Putin. This is a mistake. Mr Putin represents a venerable Russian political tradition and long-standing Russian interests. Any successor will pursue much the same policies. I doubt that these attitudes and interests can any longer be substantively changed. That historical moment is past. The history of western relations with Russia in the 1990s was one of squandered opportunities that, whatever ‘reset’ with Russia a new US administration may seek, are unlikely be recreated. But Russia no longer has the capacity to change the existing global order.

That leaves China. Clearly China has an important role to play and any future international order must have US-China relations as one of its major pillars. But the contours of China’s role are hard to define and US-China relations defy simple characterisation: profound interdependence coexists with equally profound strategic mistrust. The US and China are groping towards a new modus vivendi with each other and other countries in East Asia. But neither yet knows exactly what it wants from the other or if they have some inchoate intimation of what they want, neither knows how to get it without paying a grievous price.

The US and China are not natural partners but they are not enemies. They are not looking for trouble. They know they must work with each other. Unlike US-Soviet relations during the Cold War, there is no fundamentally irreconcilable ideological divide between the US and a China that has now embraced the market. The Soviet Union was containable because it largely contained itself by pursuing autarchy; China is such a central part of the world economy that the US might as well try to contain itself as try to contain China and I do not think ‘containment’ is the goal of US policy towards China. Neither do I think China is out to entirely displace the US from East Asia. China does not have the capability to do so and even if it had the capability, I don’t believe that Beijing thinks it is in its interest to try.

Beijing knows even if it will not admit it, that the foundation of East Asian growth, including China’s own growth, is the stability that the US presence has brought to the region. Absent the US or even if US alliances in East Asia are significantly weakened, Japan may well go nuclear. Japan can do so quickly: it has access to the fissionable material for a nuclear weapon, the engineering is a relatively straightforward matter for a country of its technological sophistication, and it has the means to develop delivery systems in the form of its space programme. Japan has made no secret that mastery of the nuclear fuel cycle is a policy goal. There is only one reason a country needs to master the nuclear fuel cycle. Tellingly, Japan is the only country with the declared goal of mastering the fuel cycle that the US has not slapped down.

A nuclear Japan is an external complication that China can do without as it grapples with complicated internal problems. And yet China is also modernizing its own nuclear forces. There is nothing unusual about this. It must do so. But when China acquires a more credible second strike capability, an East Asian version of the question attributed to Charles de Gaulle must be asked: will San Francisco be sacrificed to save Tokyo? There is only one answer, so why hasten the day when the question cannot be avoided? If Japan goes nuclear, South Korea will not be far behind. The consequences are unpredictable.

At the same time, I am certain that China wants to reclaim something of its historical central place in East Asia. This is an ambition that Beijing cannot forswear because the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) today legitimates its right to rule by a narrative of the “Great Rejuvenation” of China under its leadership. This is a core interest and the most vital of all core interests. The CCP is the latest iteration of a series of political experiments in search of ’wealth and power’ that China has undergone since the late Qing Dynasty in the 19th century.

China has no strong reason to love an international order it regards, not without justification, as heir the order that led to what every Chinese schoolchild knows as a ‘hundred years of humiliation’. Still, I do not think that China is clearly a revisionist power. Post-Maoist China is one of the main beneficiaries of the existing order and also has no strong reason to kick over the table and seek radical revisions.

Globally, China has by and large acted within existing frameworks in such institutions as the UN, the World Bank and IMF and the WTO – all parts of the liberal international order. China has not always complied with international law – no great power has a perfect record of compliance – but has not tried as the Soviet Union did, to formulate its own alternative theory of international law. New Chinese institutions such as the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank supplement but do not supplant the existing order.

But the narrative of the “Great Rejuvenation” also embodies, at least in East Asia, a revanchist element that seeks to reassert Chinese sovereignty over territories supposedly lost by a weak China. As China’s economy matures, growth must slow as it already has; the CCP’s legitimacy can no longer rest mainly on economic performance and the revanchist element of the “Great Rejuvenation” must become relatively more prominent, as it already has. To reclaim a central role, China must shift the US from the very centre of the East Asian strategic equation and occupy that space. But how far to shift the US? How much space is the US willing to concede? How to loosen but not completely undermine US alliances? How to do so without provoking responses from the US and other East Asian countries?

Such questions pose intractable dilemmas for Beijing. So far China has contented itself with moves in peripheral areas in the East and South China Seas which it claims as Chinese territory since “ancient times”. Rivalry is an intrinsic part of all great power relations. Neither the US nor China will stop pursuing their interests, at times very assertively. There will be tensions. But war is unlikely. Beijing knows that the outcome of a war or major armed conflict with the US will be one that will undermine the credibility of China’s “Great Rejuvenation” and thus put its most vital interest – the preservation of CCP rule – in grave jeopardy. The primary risk is conflict by accident not war by design. And if accidents occur, I think both sides will try their best to contain them.

What all this amounts to is a serious deficit of international leadership which leaves the liberal international order in an ambiguous and indeterminate condition. There is no power that is strong enough to maintain the status quo without help. There is no satisfied power that is willing or able to provide sustained help to maintain the status quo. There is no dissatisfied power that is simultaneously strong enough and unhappy enough to over-turn the status quo and establish a new global order.

I do not want to give you the impression that the first thing President Xi Jinping thinks about every morning is how to deal with the US. Neither is the first thing President Obama thinks about every day how to deal with China. Both countries face immense domestic challenges. The top priorities of both countries are internal not external. The most important factor that will influence – for better or for worse – US-China relations and hence the evolution of international order, are the domestic politics of these countries and other major powers.

Here we must confront an unpalatable fact: politics in the 21st century is becoming dysfunctional. Consequently governance is becoming more difficult. In many countries, it is becoming harder and harder to do less and less. In many key countries, this is beginning to have an impact on the quality of individuals seeking a political career which exacerbates the problem. Examples of political dysfunctionality are all around us and not difficult to identify. The causes of dysfunctionality are less easy to isolate and will obviously differ in their particularities from country to country and political system to political system. But there is I think an over-arching general cause common to most countries and systems. It is somewhat abstract but bear with me because I think it is important.

At the end of the 17th century, the idea emerged in Europe that sovereignty resides in the Will of the People rather than being derived from bloodline or Divine Right or the Mandate of Heaven or some other principle. This idea gathered force in the course of the 18th century and established itself as the dominant legitimating idea in the 19th century. Today all political systems, except for a handful mainly in the Middle East, legitimate themselves by this general principle. During the 20th century three models of mass politics based on this idea emerged: western liberal democracy, fascism and communist “people’s democracy”. All three models or variants of them still exist, even fascism in the thankfully attenuated form of extreme right-wing movements.

But who are ‘The People’? This has not always been obvious. The meaning of the abstract phrase has not been stable. Once it was only propertied, Christian, white males. The idea of ‘The People’ steadily expanded during the 20th century to include women, the dark skinned and religious and other minorities. But in the 21st century the idea of ‘The People’ is being deconstructed by the collision of 18th century political philosophy with 21st century communications technology in the form of the internet and social media. The internet and social media have allowed the idea of ‘The People’ to escape the boundaries of the nation-state and metastasize into something new and ugly.

About two weeks ago, Angela Merkel gave a speech in Munich about algorithms. Her essential point was that search engines on websites like Google and Facebook are creating echo chambers and consequently people are increasingly listening to only what they are predisposed to hear which is driving politics in an unhealthy direction. I couldn’t agree more but would go further. It has been argued that the internet is liberating. But I fear it is only the freedom to choose your own chains. Public opinion and hence politics is increasingly polarized, fuelling populist movements espousing extreme views. The internet conflates facts and information with entertainment or opinion and devalues expertise. It is undercutting the central assumption that underlies all democratic political processes: that from the competition of ideas something approximating the truth or at least consensus will emerge.

All this is loosening, perhaps irrevocably, the sense of national community and solidarity that I think is essential for the effective functioning of any political system based on the idea of the sovereignty of the people. As politics fragments, government and the formulation of coherent, long-term policies becomes increasingly difficult. And yet there is no going back. We cannot shut ourselves off from the internet. We depend on these technologies for our prosperity. In my darker moments, I wonder if the technologies that are the fruits of human ingenuity have not far out-run the capacity of human ingenuity to devise institutions to deal with them because the establishment of such institutions must depend on the very political processes that technology is rendering dysfunctional.

This is not just a western phenomenon. China’s political system derives from the same 18th century political philosophy. China too cannot insulate itself from the same 21st century communications technologies, and hence China too suffers from its own strain of this global disease. Underlying the assertiveness and bluster is deep insecurity about the CCP’s future.

Deficits of leadership at the national level accentuates the deficit of international leadership. Without leadership, order is impossible; without order many urgent issues – from climate change to nuclear proliferation to pandemics, among others -- are going to be ignored or dealt with only sub-optimally. Let me very briefly illustrate the point by reference to two such issues: the impact of disruptive technologies and mass population movements. I chose these two issues over others because I think they are going to have the most impact on one of the most important aspects of the liberal international order: globalization.

Globalization has lifted millions out of poverty and brought prosperity to millions more. But its downsides are also becoming increasingly evident: growing inequality as old economic patterns are dislocated with new sets of winners and losers, and a sense of cultural threat as traditional ways of life and values are brought into ever closer contact with the alien ‘other’. The consequence has been a growing gap between the values of elites and the population at large and disillusionment, often amounting to a sense of betrayal, with established institutions.

This is the common thread linking such seemingly disparate phenomenon as, among others, Donald Trump and the disintegration of the Republican Party, Bernie Saunders and the push of the Democrats leftwards, ‘Occupy Wall Street’, the ‘Arab Spring’, various ‘Colour Revolutions’ in East Europe, Brexit, the rise of neo-fascist political movements on continental Europe, the ‘Occupy Central’ or ‘Umbrella’ movement in Hong Kong, Neo-Maoism and nostalgia for the Cultural Revolution in China, and, closer home, perhaps the election of President Duterte in the Philippines.

Some of these movements have been regarded as democratic, and perhaps some really are ‘democratic’ because ‘democracy’ is a protean term. But all, I think, contain elements of something that is at least potentially profoundly anti-democratic in any sense of the term, as we can see if we understand that terrorism and sometimes violently radical religious revivalism in different faiths across the world also feed off similar sentiments.

Disruptive technologies that catalyse economic churn and mass population movements, whether of refugees fleeing from conflicts or seeking better economic opportunities, accentuate such sentiments. Technology has of course constantly evolved ever since prehistoric man first picked up a stone and recognized its possibilities, and peoples have been on the move even before recorded history. But such changes are now occurring at an ever accelerating rate and hence with greater immediacy and political impact at a time when, as I argued earlier, much the same technologies that have increased the pace of change are degrading the ability of political systems to adapt to change or mitigate its consequences.

Ladies & Gentlemen, I have spoken for far too long so let me conclude with a few words on a point with which I began and on what, if anything, can be done.

I argued that one of the changes to the international structure was the transition of the western shaped system of the last two centuries to something new, the proximate cause being the rise of East Asia and specifically China. What exactly will replace it, no one can yet say. It would nevertheless be a serious mistake to regard this transition, as some simplistic or nationalistic analysts have done, as Asia rising and the West declining or an American Century giving way to a Chinese Century. Such rigid categories distort our understanding of the complex processes underway.

The changes in the distribution of power are relative not absolute, and while the changes are undoubtedly being catalysed by the success of some East Asian countries, notably China, at adapting to a western defined modernity, their very success has in effect caused these countries to ‘leave Asia and join the West’ to use the phrase of the Meiji era Japanese reformer, Fukuzawa Yukichi. These countries therefore suffer in varying degrees from their own variants of the same pathologies that now inflict the West.

Except in a purely geographic sense, ‘East’ and ‘West’ are losing sharp political definition even if they have not yet lost all political meaning. This will I think make the interregnum between one international structure and whatever follows prolonged, measured in many decades and not just a few years. I am not even confident that there will be a clear denouement to the processes underway or that a clear denouement is in fact desirable because it may well be violent. Perhaps what we should aim for is to learn to live with ambiguity and manage indeterminacy through continual improvisation rather than seek a definitive resolution.

This will require the cultivation of the capacity for clinical – indeed cold-blooded -- analysis of change which is harder than you may imagine because wishful-thinking and self-deception are intrinsic aspects of human nature; it will require institutions that are both robust and agile; and this in turn will require us to abandon some of the most intractable and pervasive ideologies of our times and rethink fundamental political issues such as the balance between rights and responsibilities and the relationship between the individual and the state and try to adapt all political institutions to such revaluations. And in the end we may have to accept that, to quote a 19th century European socialist, Eduard Bernstein, "the goal, whatever it may be, is nothing … the movement is everything."

ASEAN is 48 years old and now plays a key role in East Asian diplomacy. Yet it remains an ill-understood organisation, even among the peoples of the countries that are its members. Too often criticisms of ASEAN by people who ought to know better amount to accusing a cow of being an imperfect horse; too often suggestions on how to improve ASEAN amount to fervently wishing that pigs may fly.

ASEAN is still very much an elite construct and such attitudes are most prevalent among academics and journalists from both within and outside our region. But while they understand the animal a little better, diplomats and policy-makers from ASEAN member states, are not entirely immune from such attitudes and sometimes make statements that can be construed this way too. I have done so myself. However, the motives of officials are usually quite different from those of academics and journalists. We don’t always believe what we say because what we say is sometimes only an instrument to achieve other goals that are usually left unsaid. This is called diplomacy.

ASEAN is far from perfect. It certainly needs improvement and there are many areas where its workings can be improved. But a cow will never become a horse, and no matter how devoutly we may wish it, pigs are never going to grow wings. We have to accept a cow as a cow. A cow is quite a useful animal. So is a horse. But the usefulness of a cow is different from that of a horse. We should consider how we can improve the bovine breed; how we can make a better cow, rather than scolding it for not being able to run as fast as a horse.

ASEAN faces many challenges. Going forward, lack of public understanding of what ASEAN is and, equally important, what ASEAN is not, is going to be a very serious liability. Model ASEAN conferences can play a very valuable role in educating a new generation about the importance of ASEAN. But only if they are grounded in a realistic appreciation of ASEAN.

We have to take the world – or even that little part of it we call ASEAN — as it is and not mistake our hopes and wishes for reality. This does not mean that we should not aspire to change things in accordance with our ideals. But such an effort is doomed to failure unless it starts from an unsentimental understanding of reality. In the vale of tears we call the world, virtue is seldom rewarded merely on account of it being virtuous. That only happens in heaven, if indeed there is such a place.

So let me briefly outline what I consider the three most important things about real-world ASEAN that you should not lose sight of during your discussions in this model ASEAN conference. They may strike some of you as obvious. But the obvious is sometimes quite obscure and worth stating.

First and most fundamentally, ASEAN is an organisation of sovereign states who act through their respective governments.

We often speak about a ‘people-oriented’ or ‘people-centred’ ASEAN. But the agency, the instrument, through which the ‘people’ act are governments and the modality through ASEAN seeks to serve the ‘people’ whoever they may be – and this is not always obvious — are states and governments. Civil society organisations can act effectively only through states and governments and in fact exist to persuade or pressure governments to act.

The ASEAN Charter was intended among other things to give ASEAN a legal personality. But the Charter notwithstanding, the inter-state and inter-governmental character of ASEAN means that ASEAN has no autonomous existence apart from the will of its member states. This fact is sometimes obscured by talking about ‘community’, a term that implies something that is more than the sum of its parts; a certain supra-nationality. We copied the term ‘community’ from the EU lexicon at a time when the EU’s feet of clay were not so evident. But supra-nationality – the pooling of sovereignties which is what in theory the EU is all about and the gap between theory and practice is widening even in the EU — is not on any part of ASEAN’s agenda: past, present and for the foreseeable future, except in a very limited sense in the economic dispute settlement mechanism which has not been tested and I suspect, may never be tested.

Southeast Asia is an extremely diverse region. ASEAN is not a happy band of brothers; if we were a happy band of brothers, there would be no need for ASEAN because ASEAN’s fundamental and enduring purpose is to ensure a modicum of order and civility in a region where neither is to be taken for granted. From this point of view, whatever our other limitations; ASEAN has been quite successful in maintaining peace in Southeast Asia for almost half a century. There have been tensions, skirmishes and even minor conflicts, but no war. This may not seem very much. But if you think back to what Southeast Asia was like in 1967 when ASEAN was formed, this is not an inconsiderable achievement.

In a sense, whatever ASEAN does in any field is primarily a means to this end: the creation and maintenance of order and civility through a process of working together. This process of working together is at least as important as, and often more important than, whatever goal that may be the ostensible reason for the process. This is one of the fundamental realities of ASEAN. It does not mean that goals are not important; it does not mean that we can just spin wheels forever without going anywhere. If we do so without caring about getting somewhere, disillusionment must eventually set in and ASEAN may well break up. But equally if we push the goal – whatever goal, however desirable — too hard, ASEAN may also well break up. It is not always easy to maintain a balance or even know where the balance should lie.

And this brings me to the second point.

ASEAN works by consensus and can only work by consensus. This is because Southeast Asia a very diverse region and ASEAN member states differ in levels of economic development; we differ in types of political systems; we differ in our core identities of race, language and religion; and hence we often differ in how each of us defines our national interests within the ASEAN framework even though we all have come to accept that framework as one of our most important shared interests.

Working by consensus means ASEAN often privileges form over substance. We often say things we do not mean and set goals we are unable to fulfil or have no intention of fulfilling. We do not do this simply because all ASEAN diplomats and leaders are utter hypocrites, but because we need to reach some form of agreement, even if it is just agreement over words, in order to keep the process going until circumstances change and what was once regarded as not in one member or another’s interest perhaps becomes possible.

In practice consensus need not mean unanimity. We now have a consensus that at least in some areas, consensus need not mean the agreement of all ten members but can comprise those who are ready going ahead, while leaving the door open to others to join in when when their definition of interests changes. But at present this mainly applies to economic cooperation.

This idea of not pushing things too hard – of maintaining consensus even if it is only consensus over form — not only applies to intra-ASEAN relations; to relations amongst and between ASEAN members. It also applies to ASEAN’s external relations; to relations with ASEAN’s Dialogue Partners. This is what lies behind the idea of ‘ASEAN centrality’; another aspect of ASEAN that is not well understood. Before we adopted the term ‘ASEAN centrality’ we used to talk about ‘ASEAN being in the driver’s seat’. Sounds rather important, doesn’t it? But remember sometimes the person in the driver’s seat is only the chauffeur.

ASEAN centrality is not a boast about ASEAN’s strategic weight. Rather it is an acknowledgement of ASEAN’s relative weakness vis-à-vis the major powers and a means of turning that weakness into advantage. If ASEAN has been able to set some regional norms; if the major powers have found some ASEAN-led forum such as the ARF and the EAS, of use and worth their time, it is because they are confident that they can use these norms and forums in their interests, but if push comes to shove, ASEAN cannot frustrate their most vital interests. That is the only reason why they have been willing to concede a ‘central’ role to ASEAN. In other words, in its relations with external powers, ASEAN works best when it does not work too well.

There is nothing particularly unique about this and ASEAN has this in common with all inter-state organisations including the United Nations (UN). This is not an equal world and even the largest member of ASEAN is not equal to the major powers except in a purely formal sense. But in a formal sense, even the smallest member of ASEAN is also equal to major powers. This is not merely absurd if taken too literally; if taken too literally it is down-right dangerous. But acceptance of the harsh reality of inequality within the polite slogan of ‘ASEAN centrality’ gives ASEAN a modicum of influence amidst the treacherous swirls and eddies of great power politics where otherwise there would be none. This is better than nothing. It allows us to preserve some autonomy.

And this brings me to my third and final point. Which is really the summation of the preceding two points.

Since ASEAN is an inter-state organisation that works by consensus between its members, ASEAN is not a substitute for national political will, national competence and national capability. When this is present, ASEAN can act as a multiplier for national policies. ASEAN can help its members build capability and competence. But ASEAN is not a substitute for national political will, national capability and national competence.

This is clear if we consider the challenges of the next stage of ASEAN’s development. By the end of this year, we would have reached the end of one phase of ASEAN’s ‘community building’ effort. But it is not as if on the stroke of midnight on the 31st of December 2015, there will be a blinding flash of light and we would all awake in the New Year, magically and forever transformed into a new and superior class of being. This is only the end of one phase. We will not reach a hundred percent of the targets we set ourselves for this phase, but I think we would have achieved enough of them to credibly declare victory, at least in the economic community where our goals for this phase were modest. But we cannot stop and we would already have done the easy things.

Henceforth, for the next and subsequent phases, we would have to reach consensus on more and increasingly difficult issues. The primary constraint will be the domestic politics of several key ASEAN member states. Some ASEAN members are undergoing profound systemic transformations, some are facing key elections or leadership changes, and hence several are becoming less internally coherent. Foreign policy always and everywhere must rest on a firm foundation of domestic politics. This is ASEAN’s greatest challenge; this simple fact underlies ASEAN’s greatest successes as well as its greatest failures and on this, ASEAN’s future hangs.

Ladies & Gentlemen. I hope you have not misunderstood me. I am not denigrating ASEAN and mine is a counsel of realism not despair. Imperfect though it may be, there is no substitute for ASEAN. But ASEAN’s continued survival is not to be taken for granted and will not be ensured by wishful thinking.

The major powers are now seeking a new modus vivendi between themselves and with the states of Southeast Asia. ASEAN is an indispensable instrument to help us manage the strategic challenges and complexities of this period. But the major powers are also seeking to capture and harness ASEAN to their ends. We are going to undergo a period of great stress. Already some ASEAN member states have shown themselves unwilling to resist the lucrative temptations of lending themselves to the designs of some major powers.

To minimise such temptations, and to build domestic political consensus in all member states for the difficult decisions that will be required for the next stages of ASEAN integration, ASEAN cannot remain an elite construct but must rest on a broad and deep foundation of public understanding. The effort to create such a foundation is at best in a rudimentary stage in all ASEAN countries. Public understanding must moreover be grounded in realistic and not idealised appreciation of what ASEAN can and, equally important, cannot do.

We must dream, dreams and follow our ideals however distant they may seem. But if our eyes are always on the distant star, we will miss the ditches that lie before our feet.

We ought to give Tunku Abdul Rahman the Order of Temasek for kicking us out of Malaysia. Third class will do.

After all, Dr Goh Keng Swee has the First Class Order, and of all the members of our then Cabinet, it was Dr Goh who first realised that Singapore in Malaysia was unsustainable and negotiated us the best possible exit under the circumstances.

These rather irreverent thoughts came to me after listening to Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong’s National Day speech on August 8 and watching the National Day Parade the next day. I was too hyped up to sleep and odd thoughts drift into one’s mind in the wee hours of the morning. But I am not entirely joking.

I was 11 years old in 1965 and not unusually for a young kid, totally indifferent to politics. The curfews imposed after the racial riots of the previous year were only so many days off from school to me. My parents must have been sick with worry. But if I shared their concern, I do not remember.

It was only when I watched the TV broadcast of the press conference of then PM Lee Kuan Yew breaking down when announcing Separation as it was politely termed, that something of the apprehension that PM Lee spoke of in his National Day speech penetrated my consciousness as an inchoate, hollow feeling of indefinable uncertainty.

That I watched the broadcast at all – cartoons were my preferred TV fare – was due to my father who worked for Radio & Television Singapore (RTS) and called home to insist, on pain of a spanking, that I did so. In his memoirs, Mr Lee Kuan Yew was kind enough to credit my father with persuading him not to cut the footage of him in tears. Today that ‘moment of anguish’ is one of the icons of our history.

We are at peace with ourselves.

What a long way we have come. Fifty years is but the blink of an eye in a nation’s history.

I don’t think I need belabour the contrast with Malaysia. Anyway no need to take my word for it. Yesterday I came across what Julia Yeow, a Malaysian journalist, had to say about the two very different countries we have become: “Singapore’s worldview has become that of a global nation, where their activists fight for a quality of life which they believe citizens of a developed nation should enjoy. We, on the other hand, battle a political system that is rife with corruption and have to endure the unending bickering over the role of Islam in our Constitution …”

Of course we are not without our problems.

Singaporeans worry about MRT breakdowns, the price of public housing, COEs, how to spend their CPF and columbariums. Not to make light of such grumbles, but they can and are being fixed and we are, an impending General Election notwithstanding, at peace with ourselves. We don’t have to reckon with billions inexplicably missing from government coffers and growing religious and racial tensions: whatever they may say, the Low Yat Plaza affray in Kuala Lumpor was a racial riot and vividly exposed what a tinderbox Malaysia has become.

When I watched the mobile column rumble pass at NDP, a reminder of the SAF’s understated power, I thought about earlier NDPs.

In 1966, my friends and I were in Secondary One and had just joined the Army Cadet Corps, the predecessor of the NCC. Only a few schools had Cadet Corps in those days, five if memory does not betray me. We were hastily given uniforms vaguely similar to ‘real’ army uniforms – Army Cadets wore khaki shorts and puttees in those days – and told to march. And march we did, no doubt awkwardly but with pride: in 1966, 1967 and 1968, carrying World War II vintage Lee Enfield Mark 4 rifles sans firing pins!

It was only very much later that it occurred to me that the SAF then being almost non-existent, we were probably there to swell the ranks to instil confidence. Those were desperate days.

When we were expelled from Malaysia, Kuala Lumpor had three instruments that they thought would keep us under their thumb and perhaps bring us crawling back: the military, water and the economy.

By the terms of the Separation Agreement, Malaysia has the right to station its armed forces in Singapore. But not too long after the 1969 NDP revealed we had armour, the Malaysians withdrew their ground forces.

A strong SAF also keeps the Malaysians honest about water. They know Singaporeans are not going to die of thirst peacefully. If we are going to give the Tunku a decoration, we ought to consider one for Dr Mahathir too because his ranting more than anything else persuaded Singaporeans to accept New Water. We have not renewed the 1961 water agreement. And when the 1962 agreement comes up for renewal, we can now decide on purely commercial grounds whether or not to buy water from Malaysia.

As for the economy, on our National Day, one Malaysian Ringgit could buy you about 35 Singapore cents. ‘Nuff said
As for the economy, on our National Day, one Malaysian Ringgit could buy you about 35 Singapore cents. ‘Nuff said.

I sometime think all this is more evident to foreigners than to some Singaporeans. I know of a few western journalists who used to delight in knocking us but upon retirement choose to settle here rather than in their own countries. I know too of some ex-foreign Ambassadors who have done the same.

I know of a few western journalists who used to delight in knocking us but upon retirement choose to settle here rather than in their own countries.
Yesterday I also came across another article by a Singaporean journalist who seems to specialize in denigrating Singapore for Malaysian publications.

She grudgingly acknowledged our achievements but felt obliged to point out that Singapore was not a poor fishing village in 1965. Of course the Singapore we enjoy today did not spring into being fully formed on 9th August 1965. That is obvious. But what we have achieved since by dint of integrity, pragmatism and sweat over fifty years is our own achievement as a sovereign and independent nation. I don’t understand why she could not understand this or what she was trying to insinuate. She can’t be that obtuse. Perhaps that’s the only way she can sell her articles to Malaysian newspapers.

And this brings me to the last of these rambling reflections.

In his National Day speech, PM Lee Hsien Loong described our first generation leaders and our pioneer generation as “lions and the lion hearted”. I don’t know if the allusion was intentional but it was an inversion of a phrase that was used to describe incompetent World War I British Generals who caused the unnecessary deaths of hundreds of thousands of brave British soldiers – lions – during battles such as the Somme, Vimey Ridge and Passchendaele: ‘lions led by donkeys’. A reminder of the irreplaceable need for excellence in leadership if we are to survive and prosper for another fifty years.

Happy National Day everyone!

Ambassador Bilahari Kausikan is Policy Advisor with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and former Permanent Secretary of the Foreign Affairs Ministry. This is an excerpt of a speech, “The Sovereignty of Small States”, given at the Singapore Perspectives organised by the Institute of Policy Studies held on Jan. 26, 2015.

“Singapore is a small state located in Southeast Asia”

What does ‘sovereignty’ mean to a small country like Singapore?

We did not seek independence, but had independence thrust upon us.

I have been told that Mr Lee Kuan Yew once said that ‘small island states are a political joke’.
I have been told that Mr Lee Kuan Yew once said that ‘small island states are a political joke’. I cannot trace the source of that quote and if anyone can help I would be very grateful. But even if apocryphal, it implies a concept of sovereignty based on which our founding fathers sought independence within Malaysia rather than alone. I suspect it was difficult for that generation to even conceive of Singapore apart from what was then called Malaya. Obviously, and thankfully, that concept of sovereignty proved mistaken or was rendered mistaken by the Herculean efforts of our pioneer generation.

The concept of sovereignty is constantly evolving. Rather than try to define the elephant, I propose to take its existence for granted and instead consider what sovereignty means to Singapore by deconstructing a single sentence: ‘Singapore is a small state located in Southeast Asia’.

“Singapore is a small state”

This seems straightforward, but is it really? What do we mean by ‘small’? We are of course a physically small country. A moderately athletic person could without too much difficulty walk across it in a day. But as a trading centre, as a logistics hub, as a port and airport and as a financial centre we are far from ‘small’. In trade, connectivity and finance, among others, we loom quite large internationally, far larger than our physical size may lead one to expect.

Sir Stamford Raffles established modern Singapore as a trading centre in 1819. Some recent archaeological studies suggest that we may have been a significant trading centre since the 14th century, even before the concept of sovereignty in its current form existed. Trade requires connectivity, logistics and finance. But the point is that they are essentially similar functions and we have performed them as a British colony, as part of Malaysia and only in the last fifty years – which is but the blink of an eyelid in the sweep of history — as a sovereign and independent country. There is therefore no reason to assume that sovereignty and independence are necessary conditions for us to perform such functions. We could conceivably do so even if our independence and sovereignty comes, by some blunder of policy, accident of politics or malicious whim of the Gods, to be severely compromised.

Size – physical size — matters and small states are intrinsically irrelevant to the workings of the international system. It is impossible to conceive of a world without large countries like the US, China, India, Indonesia, Brazil or Russia, or even without medium sized states like Australia, Japan, France or Germany.

But the world will probably get along fine without Singapore as a sovereign and independent country. After all it has only had to put up with us for fifty years.
But the world will probably get along fine without Singapore as a sovereign and independent country. After all it has only had to put up with us for fifty years. For small states relevance is not something to be taken for granted but an artefact: created by human endeavour, and having been created, preserved by human endeavour. The creation and maintenance of relevance must be the over-arching strategic objective of small states.

How do we create relevance?

The bedrock of relevance is success. I have always told our Foreign Service Officers that if Singapore’s foreign policy has been successful, it is not due to their good looks, natural charm or the genius of their intellect: the most brilliant idea of a small country can be safely disregarded if inconvenient, whereas the stupidest idea of a large country must be taken seriously, in fact the stupider the idea the more seriously it must be taken because of the harm a large country can do. If we succeed it is only because Singapore as a country is successful. Singapore’s success invests our ideas and actions with credibility.

Success must be defined first of all in economic terms. Will a barren rock ever be taken seriously? I know that it has become fashionable in certain circles to claim that economic success is not everything and that there are other worthy goals in life. I do not disagree as far as individuals are concerned. If any of our compatriots chooses to drop out of the rat race and devote his or her life to art or music or religion or even to just lepak in one corner, I respect their choice and wish them well.

But the country as a whole does not have this luxury. A world of sovereign states is in fact a rat race, and often a vicious one, in which the weak go to the wall. There can be no opting out for a sovereign state. And to be crass about it, small countries will always have fewer options than large countries but rich small countries have more options than poor small countries and that tilts the scales in our favour. This is crucial because a small state cannot be just ordinarily successful. If we were no different from our neighbourhood, why should anyone want to deal with us rather than our larger neighbours who, moreover, are well endowed with natural resources? To be relevant we have to be extraordinary. Being extraordinary is a strategic imperative.

“A small country in Southeast Asia”

And that brings me to the second part of the sentence with which I began. Singapore is not just a small country, but a small country in Southeast Asia; not the South Pacific or South America or Europe or, thankfully, the Middle East. This seems obvious but I think is nevertheless insufficiently appreciated.

A year or so ago I was flabbergasted and disturbed when asked — asked in all seriousness and not just to take the mickey out of me, which would have been acceptable — by a Singaporean PhD candidate in political science, why Singapore could not pursue a foreign policy akin to that of Denmark or Switzerland. The question aroused all my prejudices about the academic study of international relations. It makes a vast and I thought glaringly obvious difference where a country is situated. That a Singaporean PhD candidate who presumably knew something about her own country as well as the subject she was studying could ask such a question made me worry about the future of our country.

Southeast Asia is not a natural region. The main characteristic of Southeast Asia is diversity, which is another way of saying that there is nothing intrinsic to it. There are obvious differences of political form and levels of economic development. But the most important diversities of Southeast Asia are visceral: diversities of race, of language and of religion. ASEAN was intended, among other things, to mitigate these diversities to ensure a modicum of order and civility in inter-state relationships in a region where this was not to be taken for granted. ASEAN has been reasonably successful. But ASEAN can never entirely erase these primordial diversities because race, language and religion are the essence of core identities.

Singapore defines itself a multiracial meritocracy and we organize ourselves on the basis of these principles. We are not perfect – there is no perfection to be found this side of heaven – but we take these principles seriously. They are what make Singapore, Singapore. They also make us extraordinary because our neighbours organize themselves on the basis of very different principles. This is most obvious in the case of Malaysia. It was the irreconcilable contradiction between fundamentally different political philosophies that made it impossible for us to remain in Malaysia and, no matter how closely we cooperate — and despite occasional spats we do cooperate very closely in many areas — will make it impossible for us to ever be part of Malaysia again unless Malaysia abandons its basic organizing principle. And if you believe that will happen, there is a bridge I can let you have really cheap.

The essential issue is existential; not what we do but what we are: a Chinese majority country with neighbours whose own Chinese populations are typically a less than fully welcome minority and whose attitudes towards their own Chinese populations are too often projected upon us.

A Chinese majority multiracial meritocracy that has been extraordinarily successful compared to its neighbours is often taken as an implicit criticism of differently organized systems. That we are tiny speck on the map and have hardly any history to speak of is an additional affront. The intensity of such attitudes waxes and wanes; it manifests itself in different ways at different times. But it never disappears, because it is the structural consequence of the dynamic between two types of systems. Being extraordinary does not make us loved, but it is the price we must pay for survival and autonomy.

In different forms and various degrees such attitudes exist throughout Southeast Asia, and in China, Japan and even in western countries like Australia and the US. Examples spring to mind all too readily, but diplomatic prudence does not permit me to elaborate. Of course none of this is intended to imply that we cannot work with our neighbours or any other country: obviously we must, obviously we can and obviously we do and indeed, I dare say, we do so quite well. But these complexities are never going to go away and we ignore or deny them only at peril of compromising our autonomy, that is to say, our sovereignty. I believe that matters are going to get even more complicated because the external environment and our domestic environment are both changing and external and internal complexities will act and react with each other in ways that cannot now be predicted.

There are already signs of foreign policy being used for partisan political purposes. This is probably inevitable. Domestic debates over foreign policy are not necessarily a bad thing provided they take place within parameters defined by shared assumptions. Otherwise it is playing with fire. At very least it degrades the nimbleness of our responses if we have to argue everything out anew from first principles.

Shared assumptions come naturally, almost unconsciously, to countries with long histories. But with only fifty years of shared history, I am not entirely confident that this is the case in Singapore. There is something of an intellectual vacuum that is being largely filled by nonsense. We need to be better at educating ourselves about our own history. We do not in my opinion do a good enough job and the recent debates about our own political history are unfortunately notable only for their utter vacuity. What passes for critical thinking about our history is too often simply crying white if the establishment should say black. And social media exacerbates the situation by conflating information with opinion and treating both as entertainment.

The world is rightly outraged by the terrorist attack on Charlie Hebdo. There have been hundreds of commentaries. The West has predictably cast this in terms of freedom of speech and this is certainly an important aspect that should not be ignored. And, of course, terrorism is a global problem that the world should unite to fight. But to me these are not necessarily the most important aspects of the tragedy.

What struck me most was the similarity of the thought processes of the murderers and their victims. Both held their values to be so absolute that it justified anything. The fact that the terrorists had a completely mistaken interpretation of Islam is beside the point. The point is that they believed in it; believed in it as fervently as the cartoonists believed in their right to freedom of expression.

Both were wrong. I am not arguing that there is a moral equivalency between the terrorists and the cartoonists; clearly there is none. Nothing justifies murder. But is it right to constantly lampoon a religion? I do not often agree with Dr Mahathir, but he got it absolutely right when he said that killing is wrong and so is insulting someone else’s religion.

When the news broke, I conducted a very unscientific and somewhat mischievous experiment. An American friend posted an article on the attack on Charlie Hebdo on his Facebook page. I commented that the modes of thought of both sides was similar. The response was as I expected. The westerners were outraged. Many posts condemned me. There is no one as rabid and intolerant as a liberal in full bray in defence of liberalism. Ironic, no? They didn’t seem to think so.

I chuckled to myself and then pointed out that even from the point of view of freedom of expression, a double standard was at play. France, like many other European countries, has laws against the denial of the holocaust. When the law was challenged on the grounds that it infringed freedom of expression, the UN Human Rights Committee held that it was justifiable as necessary to counter anti-Semitism. Even the US prohibits hate speech.

Then ensured radio silence – no sight, no sound. It was amusing but the larger point, which the Americans and Europeans who responded to me didn’t or refused to understand, is a serious one. This is not just about tolerance or respecting other religions, but something far more fundamental.

Again somewhat ironically it is the central argument of a western political philosopher, Isaiah Berlin, whom I think is not much read today in the West. And this is simply that there not only one Good but multiple Goods and that these often contradict each other and so cannot be simultaneously realised. Something for Singaporeans to think about as they complain about columbariums, foreign workers or whatever.

When I joined MFA as a very junior officer more years ago than I care to remember and admit, Mr Rajaratnam was our Foreign Minister and MFA was located at City Hall across the Padang. That building is soon to be our new art museum, a use that Mr Rajaratnam would have approved of as he also served as our Culture Minister.

As a new officer I was told a story by my seniors. When Singapore became unexpectedly independent, Mr Rajatnam was appointed our first Foreign Minister and shortly afterwards was asked to give a press conference to a group of foreign journalists. We were totally unprepared for independence and had never anticipated having to have a foreign policy.

“What”, the story goes, “shall I tell them?” Mr Rajaratnam asked our then Prime Minister Mr Lee Kuan Yew.

Back came the answer, “Never mind Raja, just wear a tie and you’ll think of something.”

The story may well be apocryphal, but the moral of the story is nevertheless relevant. Mr Rajaratnam, together with Mr Lee Kuan Yew, Dr Goh Keng Swee and other first generation leaders, established the fundamentals of our foreign policy on a blank slate, improvising amidst the tumultuous events of those times. It is testimony to their foresight that those fundamentals still serve us well today.

Operationally, the story was an example to all Singapore Foreign Service officers of the importance of quick thinking and nimbleness. Small countries have few options in international affairs and no small country can survive without cultivating such attributes.

Fundamentals of Singapore’s foreign policy

What are those fundamentals? Mr Rajaratnam laid them out on 21st September 1965 in the very first speech he gave to the United Nations General Assembly. The speech was only three typewritten pages long, a model of clear and succinct writing. But its importance bears no relation to its length. I do not propose to repeat all he said. The speech is a public document and what he said has been elaborated many times, including by former President Nathan, former PM Lee Kuan Yew, by former Foreign Ministers, Professor Jayakumar and Mr Wong Kan Seng, and just a few days ago by ESM Goh Chok Tong, in the public lecture series that bears Mr Rajaratnam’s name. But let me summarize and focus on two of what I consider the most important themes of the maiden speech in the UN.

An independent country in peace with all and in accordance to UN charter principles

First, we wish to live as an independent country in peace with all countries, in particular our neighbours, in accordance with the principles of the United Nations Charter. And we do this not out of what Mr Rajaratnam called “vague idealism” but out of “practical self-interest”; and while we pursue a policy of non-alignment vis-à-vis the great powers, we would not be non-aligned with regard to these principles. But Mr Rajaratnam also stressed in that speech that Southeast Asia was a traditional battleground for the great powers, as indeed it still is today. Situated as we are in such a region, we cannot behave as Mr Rajaratnam famously said in a different speech on another occasion, like a nun that had wandered by accident into a red-light district. Principle must be tempered by a clinical realism.

A multiracial society

Secondly, we are a multiracial society, and, I quote Mr Rajaratnam: “no one people or culture has a monopoly of wisdom”. Mr Rajaratnam was of course also the author of our National Pledge which embodies the commitment to multiracialism. In foreign policy terms I interpret the commitment to multiracialism as a commitment to the national interest rather than the interests of any particular community. From time-to-time international issues arise than have a particular resonance for one group or another of Singaporeans. But we cannot and should not privilege the interests of any one segment of our society over another. The importance of the national interest is the thread that runs through the entire UN speech; it is the foundation of the realism that shapes and gives specific form to abstract principle, and is the abiding guide of our foreign policy.

The national interest is a particularly vital concept today when the world is rent by sectarianisms of various kinds from which we cannot insulate ourselves; when consequently the “culture wars” are upon us in various ways, not necessarily only in foreign policy issues, although in an interdependent world – and this is a concept that Mr Rajaratnam stressed in his speech well before it became fashionable – no domestic issue is without its international dimension, and when increasingly I see some quarters succumbing to the temptation to use foreign policy for partisan political advantage. Domestic politics ought to stop at water’s edge. This is a precept that all countries ignore only at their own peril. But the risks are greatest for small countries with little room for manoeuvre because partisanship in foreign policy erodes the nimbleness that is so vital to small countries.

What do most Singaporeans make of recent events in Malaysia? Bersih. Pesaka. 1MDB. A deputy prime minister sacked. Protests and counter-protests.

Are we so inured to commotions across the Causeway that they seem no more than the faint tolling of distant bells, evoking only bemusement and schadenfreude? Our system works, so shrug and tend our own garden.

If this is the attitude, it is mistaken. We are indeed different. But I believe Malaysia may be on the cusp of a systemic change that could have profound implications for us.

Since 1957, first Malaya then Malaysia, was premised on a political and social compact that had Malay dominance as its cardinal principle. So long as this was not challenged, other races could have their own space. In political terms, this compact was reflected in a system structured around an alliance of race-based political parties with the dominant Malay party - United Malays National Organisation or Umno - at its centre.

The Chinese were represented by the Malaysian Chinese Association (MCA), later joined by Gerakan; the Indians by the Malaysian Indian Congress (MIC). Two opposition parties, the Democratic Action Party (DAP) and Parti Islam SeMalaysia (PAS ), were in principle multiracial, but in practice largely Chinese and Malay and in any case were peripheral.

It was our refusal to accept the system's cardinal principle that led to Separation from Malaysia in 1965. But it was a system that had its own coherence and until relatively recently, it did not serve Malaysia badly. And despite the complexities of bilateral relations and occasional periods of tension, over the last 50 years, it was a system we learnt to work with, while going our own way.

That familiar system is now under immense stress. It is not certain that it can hold together.

PRESSURE POINT

The pressure point is religion. Arab influences from the Middle East have for several decades steadily eroded the Malay variant of Islam in which adat or traditional practices coexisted with the Quran in a syncretic, tolerant synthesis, replacing it with a more austere and exclusive interpretation of Islam. This is one aspect of a broader process of globalisation which is a sociocultural and not just an economic phenomenon. It has changed the texture of Malaysian society, I think irreversibly.

It is impossible for any country to insulate itself from globalisation. Religion in Singapore is not immune from globalisation's consequences, and not just in our Muslim community. Evangelical Christianity is one example. But Singapore is organised on the principle of multiracial meritocracy. So long as this is accepted by all races and religions as the foundation of our identity, the most corrosive political effects are mitigated. In the Singapore system, God - every God - and Caesar are separate and so all Gods must perforce co-exist, with the state playing the role of neutral arbiter.

Not so in Malaysia.

The cardinal principle of Malay dominance is enshrined in the Constitution, which also places Islam as the first component in the definition of a Malay. This makes the mixture of religion and politics well-nigh inevitable. Umno politicians have been unable to resist the temptation to use religion for electoral advantage. They are responding to the logic of the system as it has evolved.

In 2001, former prime minister Mahathir Mohamad made a fundamental political error when he tried to undercut PAS by declaring that Malaysia was already an Islamic state. A constitutional controversy ensued. But the most damaging consequences were political not legal. Tun Dr Mahathir's incautious declaration gave a sharper political focus to the changes in the interpretation of Islam that were under way and catalysed a competitive dynamic in which those inclined to religious moderation were inevitably outbid and overwhelmed.

The result has been an increasingly pronounced emphasis on religion in Umno's political identity and a significant and continuing narrowing of the political and social space for non-Muslims.

Surveys show that Malaysian Malays privilege Islamic credentials over other qualities they look for in their leaders. A Merdeka Centre survey this year revealed that 60 per cent of Malaysian Malays polled identified themselves as Muslims first rather than Malaysians or even Malays. Demography accentuates the political impact of these attitudes. In 1957 the Chinese constituted 45 per cent of Malaya (West Malaysia). In 2010, they constituted only 24.6 per cent of Malaysia including East Malaysia. Malay fertility rates are significantly higher than both Chinese and Indians.

In the 2013 Malaysian General Election, the ruling Barisan Nasional (BN) coalition got only 13 per cent of the Chinese vote. Two days after the election, Utusan Malaysia, an Umno mouthpiece, pointedly asked "Apa Lagi Cina Mau?" (What more do the Chinese want?)

The question was provocatively phrased, but not entirely unreasonable. Prime Minister Najib Razak tried hard to win back Chinese votes but got almost nothing for his efforts. MCA won only seven seats. Gerakan was wiped out.

The DAP won 38 seats, the largest number in the opposition coalition.

A NEW SYSTEM IN THE MAKING?

The Chinese parties in BN had clearly lost the trust of Chinese voters. Can MCA win back Chinese votes? Doubtful. MCA is obviously powerless to stem the narrowing political and social space for non-Muslims; the fecklessness of its leaders exposed by constant scandals and internal bickering.

In 2013, BN lost the popular vote but retained its parliamentary majority because of the 47 seats it won in East Malaysia. Native East Malaysians are not ethnically Malay but are classified as bumiputera. Some in Umno began to question whether it was really necessary to work with the Chinese at all. The declining numbers of Chinese in the Malaysian population will sooner or later make them electorally irrelevant to Umno and BN had already retained power without their votes.

Nor can the opposition coalition of the DAP, PAS and Anwar Ibrahim's Parti Keadilan Rakyat - Pakatan Rakyat (PR) - form a new multiracial system. PR was always a motley crew. Although its component parties are in theory multiracial, they have nothing in common except the ambition to displace BN. Only Anwar's charismatic personality and political skills held them uneasily together.

Anwar is now in jail and PR has fallen apart. PAS has left. Without Anwar, Keadilan's future is bleak. The DAP is subject to the demo- graphic constraints of a falling Chinese population and is unlikely to make substantial electoral advances beyond its present strength, although it will probably retain what it now holds. PR's successor - Pakatan Harapan - a coalition of the DAP, Keadilan and a minor breakaway faction from PAS, is a forlorn hope (pun intended).

PAS has purged its moderate leadership and is now led by the ulama. Umno is increasingly relying on religion to legitimise itself. Umno and PAS may eventually form some sort of de facto if not de jure alliance that could be the core of a new ruling system. There may be token ornaments of other races, but the Malaysian system will then comprise an overwhelmingly dominant Malay government with a DAP-led Chinese opposition. This will be potentially explosive.

I do not know if such a system will really replace the current system, but it certainly seems possible, even probable. It will not happen overnight. But the controversy over 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB) could well hasten its emergence. The recent demonstrations seem to foreshadow such a development.

STRUGGLE FOR POWER IN UMNO

The anti-government Bersih demonstrations held in late August this year were, despite a sprinkling of other races, predominantly Chinese affairs. PAS, which had joined previous Bersih demonstrations, stayed away. The organisers claimed the demonstrations were apolitical, but the DAP with Keadilan clearly played significant roles.

Last month, a pro-government counter-demonstration was organised by Pesaka - a right-wing Malay group ostensibly devoted to silat, the Malay martial art. The demonstration was almost entirely Malay, positioned as defending Malay rights and marked by fierce racial rhetoric. Before the demonstration, posters were displayed, captioned "Cina turun Bersih, sedialah bermandi darah" (Chinese who attend Bersih, be ready to be bathed in blood) which depicted a Bersih supporter being slashed with a parang. A flier with a similar slogan was found at DAP headquarters.

Umno denied organising the demonstration. Datuk Seri Najib did not attend but said he had no objections to Umno members doing so. The president of Pesaka is an Umno leader. Another Umno politician, who was one of the driving forces of the Pesaka demonstration, proudly admitted he was racist because it was under the Constitution.

Thankfully, violence at these demonstrations was avoided by the strong police presence. But the demonstrations certainly raised the temperature of an already racially fraught atmosphere.

Although the authorities denied it, the affray that broke out in July at Low Yat Plaza, a mainly Chinese shopping area in Kuala Lumpur, after a Malay youth was accused of stealing a mobile phone, was certainly racial. It exposed the tinderbox Malaysia had become.

Shortly after news broke about US$700 million (S$1 billion) believed to be from 1MBD being traced to what was alleged to be Mr Najib's personal account, a Putrajaya spokesman said: "The Prime Minister has not taken any funds for personal use."

Umno has always operated through a system of patronage. If this is what the spokesman was hinting at, then Dr Mahathir's accusations against Mr Najib ring hollow. Did he not preside over the same system and for far longer than any other Malaysian prime minister?

This system also means that Mr Najib is in no imminent danger of being forced from office so long as he holds the majority of Umno divisions and retains Malay support. Frustration may account for Dr Mahathir's attendance at the Bersih demonstration which I do not think has raised the good doctor's standing with the Malay ground.

The 1MDB scandal is less about corruption than about a struggle for power within Umno.

Dr Mahathir seems to have expected to exercise remote control even though he was no longer prime minister. Among his grievances with his successors were their warming of ties with Singapore, Mr Najib's decision to settle the railway land issue, cooperation on Iskandar Malaysia (IM) and the refusal of both Tun Abdullah Badawi and Mr Najib to proceed with his pet white elephant: the "crooked bridge". Dr Mahathir wants to replace Mr Najib with someone more pliable.

The intra-Umno power struggle is not over. Mr Najib retains his office but has been politically damaged. Dr Mahathir's reputation may have been dented, but he still has a following within Umno and the Malay public.

Mr Najib cannot allow himself to be outflanked on the right. Two days after the September demonstration, he attended a Pesaka gathering. He praised Pesaka members as being "willing to die" for the government and said "Malay people can also show that we are still able to rise when our dignity is challenged, when our leaders are insulted, criticised, shamed", adding, "We respect other races. But don't forget: Malays also have their feelings. Malays also have their limits."

WHAT NEXT?

A former minister, Tan Sri Zainuddin Maidin, has said that "if Najib succeeds in uniting Umno and PAS, then I am confident the Malays will forgive his grave mistakes", adding that "after fulfilling this large and sincere task" he should step down and hand power to former deputy prime minister Muhyiddin Yassin.

I do not know if Mr Najib feels he has committed "grave mistakes". But he certainly will not hand over power to a man he unceremoniously sacked. Still, Mr Zainuddin is probably not wrong about anyone who brings Umno and PAS together becoming a Malay hero. It may not be Mr Najib, but the trajectory of political developments in Malaysia already seems to point in that direction.

Malaysia and Singapore are each other's second-largest trading partner. Malaysia is Singapore's sixth-largest investment destination and we are the top investor in IM. Every day tens of thousands of Malaysians commute across the Causeway to work in Singapore. It is in our interest to see Malaysia stable with a healthy economy.

Mr Najib understands that Malaysia and Singapore need each other. So far and unusually we have not figured very much in the controversies. Dr Mahathir did trot out his tired line about Singapore Malays being marginalised. But it did not catch fire. Did the government dampen the spark? No way of knowing for sure but if it did, it is one more black mark against Mr Najib in the old man's book.

We, of course, have no choice but to work with whatever system or leader emerges in Malaysia. But some systems will be easier to work with than others. And the current heightened state of racial tensions suggests that we should not assume that the transition from one system to another will necessarily be peaceful.

It is my impression that many young Malaysian Chinese have forgotten the lessons of May 13, 1969. They naively believe that the system built around the principle of Malay dominance can be changed. That may be why they abandoned MCA for the DAP. They are delusional. Malay dominance will be defended by any means.

Any new system will still be built around this principle, and if it has some form of Umno-PAS collaboration at its centre, enforcement of this principle will be even more rigorous with even less space for non-Muslims.

The respected Malay poet and writer Pak Samad recently warned "the way race issues are played up… it is not impossible that things will peak into a state of emergency".

Pak Samad is a member of the DAP and he was appealing to the government to take a more equitable attitude towards all races. But his views and those of some idealistic young urban Malays are exceptional and, during an intra-Umno power struggle when the banner of Malay dominance is raised particularly high, utterly irrelevant.

Singaporeans should also note that no country's domestic politics exists in a geopolitical vacuum.

CHINESE AMBASSADOR'S REMARKS

In the midst of these unfolding developments, China's ambassador to Malaysia made his way to Kuala Lumpur's Chinatown. Close to where only a few days previously the police had to use water cannons to disperse a potentially violent anti-Chinese Pesaka-led demonstration, the ambassador read out a statement that among other things pronounced the Chinese government's opposition to terrorism, any form of racial discrimination and extremism, adding for good measure that it would be a shame if the peace of Petaling Street was disrupted by the ill-intentioned and that Beijing would not stand idly by if anything threatened the interests of its citizens and Malaysia-China relations.

Under other circumstances these sentiments would perhaps have passed notice. But the timing and context laid the ambassador's words and actions open to disquieting interpretations.

Was it just bad judgment? What was he trying to do? If the ambassador was trying to help the Malaysian Chinese, then he failed miserably. He probably made things worse for them by confirming the worst suspicions of the Malay right wing.

But were the interests of Malaysian Chinese even a consideration? Was the intention to highlight a rising China's clout? The Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman defended the ambassador's visit to Petaling Street as "normal" and emphasised China's adherence to the principle of non-interference. But this was of course what she would have said irrespective of China's intentions.

More telling perhaps was the apparent confusion over whether or not the Chinese ambassador should be summoned to explain himself. This should have been obvious. A retired Malaysian diplomat who used to deal with China pointed out the dangerous precedent that would be set if no action was taken. But different Malaysian ministers contradicted each other, with a clearly frustrated Foreign Minister Anifah Aman finally telling them all to leave it to Wisma Putra.

Was this the consequence of China's influence? Possibly. In the end, some sort of meeting with Wisma Putra seems to have occurred. Deputy Prime Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi subsequently announced that the Malaysian Cabinet decided to "call in" the Chinese ambassador (he was careful to make clear the ambassador was not being "summoned").

LESSON FOR SINGAPORE

We cannot solve other people's problems. Malaysians must work out their own destiny and we will have to live with their choices.

Are we completely immune to contagion from Malaysia? After 50 years, does our collective Singapore identity now trump racial identities? Maybe under some circumstances. Optimistically, perhaps even most circumstances. But under all circumstances?

I doubt it. Let us wish Malaysia well and hope that the worst does not occur.

But it would be prudent to take no chances and prepare ourselves as if it might. The first step is for all Singaporeans to understand what is happening in our neighbourhood and realistically appreciate our own circumstances.

Deterrence and diplomacy are necessary to reduce the temptation that some in Malaysia may have to externalise their problems and minimise the bilateral friction that will sometimes be unavoidable. Strong deterrence and agile diplomacy must be underpinned by national cohesion which in turn rests on a foundation of common understandings.

Of late it seems to have become fashionable for some sections of our intelligentsia to downplay or even dismiss our vulnerabilities. Some political parties tried variants of this line during our recent General Election. Are they blind and deaf to what is happening around us? Is their desire for notoriety or political advantage so overwhelming as to make them indifferent to the consequences? Malaysia is not the only concern. The haze is a daily reminder that all is not well down south too.

This is not the most salubrious of neighbourhoods.